To anyone who has caught COVID-19, or knows someone who has, how bad are the sym...
        This is my personal experience, about:(1) Me (30 years old).I felt a bit of a ...
                I’m so sorry for this awful loss. Thank you for being willing to share this in t...
                        Thank you very much, Anita. I really hope everybody takes it that way, not only ...
                                People die each day of many things and doctor errors is the #3 top cause of deat...
                                        You are being insensitive to someone who just lost their father yet you continue...
                                                She is being insensitive. Not sure what the media is spewing is all facts tho....
                                                        Let's specify which media will not give out facts. Any pro Trump media source wi...
                        ...
                My condolences on your loss. I’m so sorry.Thank you so very much for giving the...
                        Thank you very much, Jann. I really hope it helps everyone. It is very difficult...
                                Diego Pujol I’m a musician (rock) too (loved the guitars in the photos☺) & as yo...
                        Thank you for sharing your family's experience. I am sorry for your loss of your...
                I am so very sorry for your loss. I hope that your answer here, and others like ...
                        Thank you for your words, Christopher. I really hope it helps everyone who reads...
                I hope sharing your story helps a little with your loss.Your message is very im...
                        I hope so, too, Dean. Sadly, the whole world is suffering right now, but it is i...
                Thank you Diego for sharing your story. It's informative… and heartbreaking. I f...
                        Thank you so much, Glenn. This has been so hard on us, especially since we were ...
                                Yes, we are taking care. I often repeat your phrase: “Wear a fucking face mask!”...
                So sorry. Your story brought tears to my eyes and humanised the horrifically gro...
                        Thank you for your words, Christine, and for tearing up along me. Please take ca...
                Much sympathy on your loss. Your father sounds like a wonderful man....
                        Thank you very much, Valerie. He was the best man I’ve known, I subconsciously f...
                I am very sorry for your loss. My husband of 20 years died from this virus on 07...
                        Thank you for your words, I am so sorry for your loss, too… This has been very h...
                        I am deeply sorry, Stacey. So deeply sorry. As Boris wrote, time is a precious g...
                                Thanks Brenda. I am so sorry for the loss of your sweet baby. Sometimes life is ...
                                My condolences for the loss of your tiny baby. A mother’s grief for a lost child...
                My sympathy and prayers for you and your family....
                        Thank you very much, Sheri. All the best for you, please take care!...
                Diego, I have to write to you on behalf of all…..on what an emotional & educatio...
                        Thank you very much for your words, Harban. Indeed, he left a great legacy of so...
                So very sorry to hear that, Diego. May his memory be a blessing....
                        Thank you very much, Tim. Whenever I think about him, I feel both sad and calm, ...
                Thank you for taking the time and energy to submit this to Quora. I will tell yo...
                        Thank you very much for sharing, Kathleen. I’m very glad to hear you pulled thro...
                        Thank you Kathleen for sharing. Quara seems to be one of the only places that ha...
                Sorry to hear that. You really need guts to write this answer, you’re really bol...
                        Thank you very much for your comment and your edits, Rohith. It’s hard to write ...
                I am sorry for your loss. Thank you for your story....
                        Thank you for your comment and your support, Eugene. Please take care!...
                My deep and most sincere condolences about your father.The infection rate range...
                        How about those who are on ACE inhibitors, or Angiotensin Receptor Blockers? I w...
                                That’s very much possible, but there’s a need of running a few tests before we k...
                My condolences for your loss, Diego....
                        Thank you very much, Robin. Take care of yourself and your loved ones....
                The data is really clear about this: the older you are, the more likely you are ...
                I am deeply sorry for your loss. He sounds like an amazing dad and person. May y...
                        Thank you very much, Shauna. He indeed was an amazing dad and person, I miss him...
                                I lost my father 9 years ago. No one else in the world validates our very existe...
                I’m so sorry for your loss, but thank you for sharing. This is so important. I t...
                        Thank you so much, Monica. I agree with you, and I hope everyone takes it into c...
                Thank you for your detailed and honest testimony, and my heartfelt condoleances ...
                My sympathies. What a loss for you all....
                I’m sorry for your loss. Thank you for the warning....
                Diego Pujol I am so sorry for the loss of your dear dad to this horrific virus! ...
                Thank you for sharing your loss with us, amigo. Every time I hear someone saying...
                Truly sorry for your loss. I had the virus as well in mid June. I am 34 and I ex...
                        Thank you for sharing with us and your symptoms. Take care and best wishes for g...
                Deep condolences on the awful loss for you, your brothers and especially your mo...
                Thank you for being a voice of reason when it is most needed. Enhorabuena, Diego...
                You have touched us all. All the best to you and your family....
                Heartbreaking. Terrible loss for you, your family and your community. Small comf...
                I’m very sorry for you and your family; I still have my dad and can’t imagine wh...
                        Thank you, Randy, for your support and for being sensitive when asking your ques...
                Your dad was fortunate to be loved so much by his family....
                So sorry for your loss. Thank you for sharing you and your families experience w...
                I am so so sorry all that your family went through; and for the loss of your fat...
                I'm so sorry for your loss and thank you for sharing this with the world so peop...
                I’m so sorry to hear about your dad passingI think your story shows the scale o...
                I’m so sorry to hear about your Dad. I am sure he is proud of you, no matter wha...
                Your story is moving and I’m glad you’re sharing it with others. I also want to ...
                So sorry. It's bad out there, I know. But your bolded point is worth repeating: ...
                I am sorry for your loss. And thank you for writing this truthful account. I wis...
                I am so sad that you lost your dad to the coronavirus. You did the best you coul...
                I’m so sorry for your loss....
                I am so saddened to read your story. I wish you and your family peace 🕊...
        I tested positive for COVID-19 23 days ago.I know exactly when and how I caught...
                OMG Kittie! I didn't know. I'm so sorry you had to get that bug. I hardly ever u...
                        Thanks so much, C.J.!! I hope all is well with you and your family. ♥...
                                We’re ok. How are you feeling right now? Are you back at home?...
                                        Yes, I’m at home with the cats. Have embraced the yuk and am wallowing comfortab...
                                                I’m here if you need to talk. Take care, sweet lady. Take care....
                Shit…first I’ve seen of any of your posts on this. Get better soon. Wish you had...
                        Technically she is one of the lucky ones who didn’t get very sick.Of course the...
                                You have no idea how mild or severe this feels I lost 3 weeks and paramedics, do...
                                        The minute anyone says “it no worse than the flu”, it pretty much tells you they...
                                                I know this is a strictly semantic issue (and totally off topic), but does it bo...
                                                        Brett, I just came across this again. I only upvoted it, but I wanted to tell yo...
                                                Tell that to Donald Trump 🤡 According to him it’s no worse than the sniffles for...
                                                        I have had that stick put up my nose as they try to scramble my brains while I a...
                                                        Never once has Donald Trump say the virus is a hoax....
                                        Like you, Julie, mine was mild but felt severe to me. Had it over a month, Febru...
                                                Just curious, do you still feel fatigued as of today? Any recurring, long lastin...
                                                        Hi! Just seeing this comment now and wanted to add that YES - I still get severe...
                                I would not consider her lucky at all. Sounds like hell to me! She may also go o...
                                        Ask the doctors, not me. The classification doesn’t care about what either of us...
                                                I was asking in general, because I don’t understand it and I do think the doctor...
                                                        I don’t find it that strange at all, it’s not about how severe the disease itsel...
                        My case didn't get upgraded from mild till moderate till the hospital had to giv...
                I've tried to socialize AND maintain consistent hygiene measures (meeting with f...
                        It’s pretty lonely isn’t it, being one of the few who is vigilent about the reco...
                China’s “mild” is non-hospitalization (and originally non-pneumonia).Other coun...
                Oh Kittie! I wish I could help somehow, (cleaning your cats’ boxes at least) but...
                        Thanks so much - you’re too kind! Nice to hear from you. :)...
                I wish you strength and stamina, to get well soon. Thank you for being among the...
                        Please clarify… “I was able to get out and …..exercise…” If you had Covid-19, wh...
                                Okay, Mom. Yes… I’m out… to get you. I don’t know if you realize how sanctimonio...
                                        You are absolutely right. I was wrong to not convey caring about your well being...
                                                I appreciate that. Chances are, I probably am a vector for the virus, as it is s...
                                                        I’m so sorry you’ve had to go through this. Covid is no joke, and it would be wo...
                                                                I can’t take back what I see every day in front of my eyes. I see what I see; it...
                        Well said Victoria. For the REAL story, we can't depend on the media. Citizen re...
                (((HUGS))) Thank you for posting this. This is truly a vicious virus and nothing...
                        Another Canadian, hello! I was about to type the same reply but spied yours. I'm...
                                Nice to hear from a fellow Canuck. Kudos to your husband for providing essential...
                                        Yes, outstanding leadership and she has a considerably more difficult job to say...
                                                I’ll agree that B.C. could have been a disaster. Third largest provincial popula...
                Oh I hope the recovery starts picking up for you soon! Sending oodles of love yo...
                Don’t let anyone shame you because your symptoms aren’t putting you in the hospi...
                I hope you get well and I hope those reading take it as a cautionary tale. Besti...
                Is a fucking mask a euphemism for face condom? Ha. Sorry, I wanted to make some ...
                I am very sorry that you are having to deal with this, Kittie. I hope that you c...
                Lock-down itself is driving me crazy and even though I have my partner here with...
                “Moderately severe” fits. If you came out of it with pneumonia, that’s moderatel...
                The scary thing is that even mild covid (that doesn't require hospitalisation) c...
                        That’s definitely the case with me!! In the past four and a half weeks I have wo...
                Well it sounds pretty serious to me. And as we are finding out, complications af...
                Hey there Ms Kitty, sorry you got sick 😷 So glad to see you back to your old sel...
                        Thanks so much, Rowayda! ♥...
                BIg (remote, mask wearing, virtual) Hug! Get well soon!...
                Personally, I wouldn’t consider pneumonia “mild“. Moderately severe sounds about...
                        Eminem new song has a line in it ‘mask it, you’l put me in a fucking casket’ we ...
                Did you say “wear a ducking mask” enough? Hope you feel better soon....
                        Depends on whether we actually do it…...
                Oh kitty…my heart is with you, you lovely human ❤️. I hope you feel better soon....
                ❤️get well, soon!...
                I hope the rest of your recovery is swift and final (no residual illness)....
                First of all, you have the coolest name in the universe! Secondly, I am glad tha...
                Sending lots of love and hope you’re feeling better every day. x...
                You’re story is literally exactly like my Covid 19 experience. Exactly....
                Thank you for sharing your experience. I’d been wondering if it might be worth i...
                Sending you love and prayers. May you get better....
                I have a cousin who is on the tail end of COVID-19. She said she felt very tired...
                Stay safe and thank you for sharing and yes please wear a mask!...
                thank you for sharing your journey with us. hope you totally recover soon...
                Get well soon! As much as your co-worker’s ignorance frustrates me, hope she’s f...
                Ger well soon and best wishes for recovery!...
                Get better real soon. If you are not already. Take care....
                Hope it soon passes , without any other symptoms. The symptoms on there own can ...
                i wish many people out there, who are not taking it seriously read this post. I ...
                Thank you for posting! Plenty of people out there who think covid is a hoax....
                Get well. We're pulling for you....
                From a fellow Texan, I’m glad you’re on the mend!...
                That is a bad expirence hope you recover soon...
                Hoping you will feel better really soon....
                I am sorry that you got sick, I am very vigilant, I live in philly and the peopl...
        My Father was tested Covid positive after being tested false negative. Because o...
                I guess there is a threshold viral load after which the virus can be detected by...
                        Can't rule that out. Thank you so much for your wishes 😊...
                        PCRs role is amplification of Genetic material(RNA)It has high sensitivityso I...
                My father's symptoms are very much similar to yours. He is on day 12 today but h...
                        Hope your father gets better soon 🙏.The only symptom my dad had was the fever w...
                                Looks like our case is exact same. We will see if the fever persists for more th...
                                        Yes! You should consider doing that. How is he now?...
                                                All good buddy. His temperature hasn't gone above 100F in 2 days....
                Same thing happened with my mother, first test negative and then positive. And t...
                        Yes Absolutely!...
                Hi Anshul,Hope your father recovers back quickly. I too had typhoid around 3 ye...
                        Thank you for your wishes. Finding a hospital bed could be a tiresome process. H...
                More power to you and your family brother. Wishing for his speedy recovery😄...
                        Thank you so much for your support :)...
                When I look at the busy road opp the place where I live, every one person in two...
                        Exactly. Such people are too high in numbers. That's the reason we have so many ...
                RT-PCR has an accuracy of 70% and thus might have caused false negatives. May I ...
                        Yes, definitely it can be a possibility. Oxygen levels for my father were more t...
                Thanks for sharing, hope he recovers petty soon. Do keep us posted....
                        Sure. Thank you so much!...
                Sorry for what your father and your family have gone through…if possible, kindly...
                Hi, could you please tell if there were any other symptoms at any point like cou...
                        Other than constant fever, there were no other symptom....
                Kindly update the cost incurred too once he is discharged. It'll be helpful for ...
                        Absolutely :)Please message me if you wish to know about any of this....
                Tweaked the antibiotics and improved means your father was Covid negative...
                        No, he wasn't. He went through 3 Covid tests which came out to be positive....
                Wishing faster recovery for your Father.Which hospital did you go? Am in Bangal...
                        Thank you for your wishes! In Bangalore, all the major hospitals are treating Co...
                Thanks for sharing what you n your family went through. I hope your dad recovers...
                        Thank you so much for such warm wishes :)...
                Wishing a very speedy recovery to your Father. Can you please tell me if the fev...
                        Thank you so much for your wishes. The fever was always between 100–103 degrees ...
                Good to hear he is on his speedy recovery.. I Wish his great health ahead.I rea...
                        You're right. Unfortunately, there are too many careless people around us due to...
                                Agree about covidiots. People are taking it casually . Not following norms....
                        The number of cases might be much higher than the reported no cases...
                                No doubt about that...
                                No no..Actually I smell otherwise..I learnt management here are going to get 1...
                One thing that I would like to tell you is that even though the test can give po...
                Take care of your family and yourself...
                        Absolutely! Thank you so much 😊...
                What's the age of your father?...
                        51...
                Wishing uncle a speedy recovery. 🙏...
                        Thank you so much for your kind wishes 😊...
                What was the cost of treatment, if you don't mind me asking?...
                        Not sure yet....
                I hope your father is safe and healthy!Could you please also share treatment co...
                        Thank you so much for your kind wishes. Once you're tested positive for Covid, y...
                I've travelled in a car on 21 st July with my cousin. Their cousins tested posit...
                        Absolutely, please get tested already. You're a primary contact....
                false negative is the worst thing that can happen to anyone. I wish that your fa...
                        Thank you for your wishes! He's back home and recovering :)...
                Wish him a speedy recovery. Covid false negative tests are many unfortunately. 🙏...
                        Thank you so much! Yes false negative reports have been a big problem. If someon...
                                Yes of course....
                Hope all are good now. Would you be able to disclose the lab's name so we can be...
                        Yes, things are definitely getting better. However, I'm not sure if I should dis...
                I hope your father is better now. I just want to clarify that false negatives ar...
                        Yes! Your info is very accurate.Thank you so much...
                What was the total cost when he was in the hospital?...
                        I'm not sure. Yet to see the hospital bill...
                                Wasn't it funded by the government? Some answers I read they wasn't charged a di...
                                        It's government funded in Government hospitals where the treatment is free. Howe...
                SOMETHING WRONG WITH TESTING DEVICES?...
                        Must be...
                So sorry to hear that your father and you all had to go through this because of ...
                        Thank you so much for such a detailed procedure. Hope you're isolated and gettin...
                This is very informative. Thanks for the answer...
                        Glad you found it informative :)...
                He'll soon get perfect…...
                        Really hoping for that. Thank you so much!...
                Was there any cold?...
                        No there wasn't....
                Your father is lucky and seems to have good immune response after suffering so m...
                        True. Covid affects everyone differently....
                Wish your father a fast recovery 🙏.. I hope everyone is treated well in COVID wa...
                        Yes, it does seem so. Thank you so much :)...
                No doubt, a very useful information with proper narration. Thanks for sharing....
                        Thank you so much!...
                After a certain point of time it became pretty apparent that your father was cov...
                        Yes you're right that we should have got him a second test. However as he was al...
                Wish him a speedy recovery. May I know his age?...
                        Thank you for your kind wishes. He's 51 years old....
                Hello, I have a doubt as you said your family tested negative even after being i...
                        There's always a possibility that the test results can be false. However, if non...
                Thank you for the detailed answer. This should be an eye opener for all careless...
                        Absolutely! Strongly hope that people take this more seriously. It's really the ...
                Wishing him a speedy recovery. Take care brother.Just wondering how was that po...
                        Yes! It is a bit shocking for us as well. We got 2 Covid tests done. Both are ne...
                Wishing your father a speedy recovery. Stay safe.And, thanks for sharing the de...
                        Thank you so much!...
        My fiancé and I had it about two months ago.If it were not for my fiancé gettin...
                Stay healthy!!!...
                Ah, you got really lucky. One of my friends got it recently and they’ve been in ...
                I’m guessing the mind symptoms were probably reflective of ya’ll being about 25 ...
                        I’m 43 and my symptoms were just like her fiancé’s....
                                Do you know other people around 35 to 45 who had a similar experience?...
                                        Sister 42, brother in law 57, nephew 22. No underlying conditions. Same househol...
                                        My mom group friend’s husband is 40 and he had a mild case. She (who is also 40)...
                I also had it for 3 weeks in July…it was for the lack of a better term really an...
                My best friends, a couple had COVID-19. She started with post nasal drip, coughi...
                        Too bad they did not receive treatment with HCQ or ivermectin with zinc and inha...
                                Untrue re: HCQ. I don’t doubt you think HCQ is beneficial, as at least one early...
                                        I applaud you for your extensive, thorough and thoughtful response specifically ...
                I’m glad you two got off so lucky!PSA FOR EVERYONE ELSE: Don’t assume you’ll ge...
                It’s interesting to me how different the symptoms vary. I mean you’re young and ...
                Charissa, so glad you both got through it okay! Did your fiance travel to Texas ...
                Oh gosh now I’m even more paranoid. I get mild sore throats every week hahaha...
                        Lol stop eating anything with seed and corn based oils. Your body is under const...
                I would suggest reading peer reviewed articles instead of Quora for this answer....
                        They are specifically asking for a personal account....
                I didn't mind the test. Way better than a needle....
                You are very lucky Charissa. I'm glad that you and your husband recovered....
                I recently got tested too here in New Zealand. It was really quick and over in a...
                Charissa, I always love reading your answers.I’m wondering: After you already h...
                Thank God you both got through it - - relatively easy....
                I have a co worker that is very ill with CoVid, she’s young and fairly healthy e...
                Earlier this month there was a coworker who was partnered up with me to work on ...
                You’re very lucky. The healthy, athletic, teenage son of a friend was deathly il...
                I'm glad you and your fiance are okay....
                It's so interesting how some people have such mild symptoms, while others are so...
                I had it and it it sucks bad. Had it for 9 days. I’m Diabetic 27yrs. My son had ...
                The worst part of COVID is getting the test?...
                        No. I was positive and had similar symptoms except I was freezing cold, headache...
                The way most of it will go....
                I my glad you are both okay, you are both blessed. Keep wearing a mask and stay ...
                After 4 weeks of battling with COVID, I reassure you It is not something you wan...
                My dad doesn’t have symptoms anymore but is still recovering....
                My best friend is 37 she almost died her story actually made the news because of...
                Thank God you both are fine now....
        I know, or know of, seven people who have had covid-19.One died. Killed by Cuom...
                I was a healthy and active 44 year old. I got covid, survived…but now I live wit...
                        please post that as an answer....
                                I posted an answer a while ago but to be honest, it's not as coherent as I'd lik...
                        My deep sympathy. I hope that a path to full recovery emerges for you....
                                Thank you....
                killed by Cuomo? Why would you say that?...
                        He ordered nursing homes to admit covid-19 patients. They were not allowed to tu...
                                I don’t know how nursing homes exactly work in the US but in my country, the ver...
                                        It did to us too. I was horrified when I heard....
                                                The same happened in Italy, a country where family and the elderly are supposedl...
                                                Things are complicated and it is obvious, in hindsight that it was extremely stu...
                                Thanks for explaining. I had heard people say something along these lines before...
                I have two older relatives who got it. Both dead.Two people my age who got it. ...
                        How old are you?...
                Killed by Cuomo in NY.How exactly did Cuomo kill that person?...
                        Please read throug the other comments, as it has been explaiined at length...
                                I fact checked this: What's TrueDue to a March 25, 2020, New York state directi...
                                        Excuse me, by "Empty" I did not mean "Not a single person was on board." That wo...
                                                The use of nursing homes for patients convalescing is normal - but the sickness ...
                I am appalled by the people in the comment thread insinuating, or flat out sayin...
                        Why would I make this stuff up? I just don't get it. .There seem to be some peo...
                I really don’t get the mask backlash. I’m relatively conservative/libertarian an...
                The latest research on how COVID-19 can attack heart tissue scared teh scientist...
                I work with 11 people that were diagnosed with Covid, one last week. Only one wa...
                        YOu were lucky.OR, given 11 people in the same workplace were equally lucky, pe...
                                That’s actually the case for thousands of people when you consider looking at ev...
                                        My answer reflects the people I know who had corvid. Obviously only the symptoma...
                My whole family had it. The worst symptom was 2 days of a minor headache. 2 of m...
                I had symptoms of COVID. Around the end of December, before we even knew it was ...
                My heart goes out to those who have had it far worse than I did when I got that ...
                        If I think I'm getting sick I'm going to move a cot to the first floor, to reduc...
                I see so many people not wearing masks. So many people in the UK don't seem to c...
                        There is a photo of people in New York lining up for foid. Half of them don't ha...
                Is there anything you can do if you contract it to lower your risk of having per...
                        I'm not sure if there is anything you can do after the fact, but there is some r...
                        I think asking your doctor might be best. There are a few people who have asked ...
                I work in a long term care facility. We got hit after the weekend of the 4th. We...
                One of the kids on my son’s football team got it. Said it was no big deal....
                My own personal experience was horrible. I got it the beginning of May and had t...
                I admit I find masks uncomfortable - especially in triple digit weather. However...
                I had covid sars back in Late June. My symtoms were mild. I had low grad fever, ...
                this seems rare though, i know no one who has died of coronavirus, and none of m...
                        “hehe”??? Not sure what laughing is about here....
                        Honestly sounds like fiction. I don’t trust her answer as factual....
                                My dad is in the ICU right this moment. It can be way worse for no reason for so...
                                        I hope and pray your dad gets better, Brandon....
                                        again personal experience, doesnt justify the lockdown measures in place current...
                                                Well, after you get it…you can report back to how you think how justified the me...
                                                Is this sufficiently non-anecdotal, and impersonal?From COVIDView, Key Updates ...
        I tested COVID Positive today. I think I qualify enough to answer this question....
                You will be better in no time. More more power to you girl! You’re a fighter...
                        Thank you Anwesha 😊...
                Hello ma'am… I Hope you are doing fine by now.. I think I am having corona sympt...
                        Hi Parth. I think you should tell your parents for sure. As precautionary measur...
                What are you supposed to do when Oximeter shows a less than critical reading?...
                        As long as your Oximeter is showing above 92 reading, it's fine. Not to worry. B...
                                Thank you so much!...
                Get well soon Ma'am 😇Whole hearted deep prayers from a random stranger 🙏🙏 God b...
                        Thank you Sir 🙂...
                Thanks for the detailed post! I'll surely bookmark it just in case.Your oxygen ...
                        Thank you Rohit. Yes, I have. Once I recover, I'll check with hospitals for prop...
                                That's great to hear. I will wait for your post on the plasma donation experienc...
                                        😁😁 For some time, no one let me go out. Once all okay, I'll detail out that expe...
                Having beaten corona myself I could relate to each of the experiences you shared...
                        Thank you 😊...
                You have a good writing skill Mishra ji, god bless and get well soon....
                        Thank you 🙂...
                Thanks for the extensive explanation. I hope you will be well soon. Especially t...
                        Most welcome. I strongly believe that my homeopathic medicines have saved me til...
                You will get your smell and taste within a week, nothing to worry. But sadly Bre...
                        Thank you....
                Good account.Eating green chilies may be possible due to loss of taste. But it ...
                        Sir, I tried them just once to test. Have not repeated. Thank you 😊...
                I am actually going through feverish-ness and joint pains right now! Will use yo...
                        Great Sir. Just keep the positive mindset. It's just a matter of time. Isolation...
                        Also Sir, you can keep your clothes soaked in Dettol water overnight and then wa...
                                Coincidentally, our story is also similar to yours. Our daughter (and her 11yr o...
                                        Thank you Sir. This really means a lot. I'm glad I could be of help....
                                Yes, thanks 👍...
                I didn’t upvote as I felt is inappropriate. Glad to know that your sense of smel...
                        Thank you 😊...
                Great answer.... get well soon…. your points of positivity...I' not losing sense...
                        Have a safe flight. And don't be scared at all. Coronavirus is just a mind game....
                                Heyy thanks ☺️...
                Don't panic. It's just a monster trying to eat you from inside. Whaaat 😳 😂Wish ...
                        🤣🤣 It feels that way, at least. Thanks for the wishes....
                        Mental trauma is far worse than Corona itself...
                Arsenic album is most important homeopathy medicine for this, I didn’t see in yo...
                        Not required right now. Might add later, if need be....
                I hope you get well soon and your next covid test will be negative.Keep us post...
                        Thank you Mohit 😊...
                Wow….you have superpower 🔥...
                        😁😁...
                How was the response of the authorities and infrastructure to you? Were you sati...
                        Hi Shekhar. I was in home isolation, as suggested by authorities. I didn't want ...
                Powerful will - this alone will see you through. God bless _/\_...
                        Thank you 😊...
                I'm sure you'll kick Corona's ass real hard and you will get back even stronger ...
                        Thank you so much 🙂...
                Good to hear that you have recovered fully. I tested Covid positive on 6th Augus...
                        Richa, if it is possible you can get the test from some place else. Just to be s...
                Correct me if I am wrong but I think having panner or any milk product is not go...
                        Milk is usually not recommended in cold/flu. But if you put turmeric in it, its ...
                Youre a very brave person to have taken this so positively. Hats off to your sup...
                        Thank you 😊...
                Great spirit of mind. You will surely get well soon. 👍...
                        Thank you Kunal 😊...
                Get well soon and thanks for sharing in such details!...
                        Thank you 😊...
                MamYou r a true fighter and will be all right at the earliest.And thanks for G...
                Thank you for such a summarized answer....
                Very beautifully explained in detail. Wish you speedy recovery...
                        Thank you 😊...
                AlL the best for your recovery. See you at other end of the Corona, where we Hav...
                Hope you get well. Also request you to write a separate post on ayurvedic medici...
                        Thank you Akash. Sure, I will! Those aren't medicines though. Just how to make k...
                Best answer, it clearly showed what should be done if you become +.I wonder huma...
                        🤣🤣...
                Tc. Look out if something seems off after months of recovery and see your consul...
                        Thank you. Yes, I will. I will get a body check-up after negative result. Appare...
                God bless, you will be fine, my gut feeling....
                        Thank you Hitesh 😊...
                Wonderful read, thanks for sharing your experience.Good health to you....
                        Thank you 😊...
                Do you live in a big house . Then self isolation is possible. Not in a 1000 squa...
                        In that case, hospitalization is always an option. Thank you for your wishes 🙏...
                You are a fighter ☺️...
                Thanks for sharing vital information, specially treatment details.And best wish...
                        Thank you 🙂...
                Get well soon Madam. you explained in details.Happy you share Homeopath medicine...
                        Thank you!...
                What about utensils? You wash dishes yourself but still hand them over to your f...
                        No Dilpreet. I am not handing them back. When it's the time for food, I keep my ...
                Thank you for such explicit and detailed info dear, wishing you fast recovery an...
                        Thank you 😊...
                I don't wanna say don't worry…because you are not at all worrying about idiot co...
                        Thanks a lot! 🙂...
                I too got Carona and so I thought!! I called my family physician and took the me...
                        That's actually strange. My sense of taste is still not reinstated completely ev...
        In my case the symptoms have not been terribly severe.It started out with a nas...
                Nice! Upvoter 666 goes by the name Damians Demon!...
                Dan, thanks so much for this account! I too have asthma as an underlying conditi...
                I caught Covid-19 from work and could not stop sleeping day 8-10 roughly. I was ...
                        So update a little less than 2 months after getting sick. Running is very diffic...
                                Pretty accurate that this virus effects the body long term and is way worse than...
                                        Not accurate just fear mongering and instance mongering this post is not science...
                A co worker 26 healthy, her symptoms were not too bad. Her husband had no sympto...
                        WOW! That is so terribly scary! I'm sorry your daughter lost her young friend. I...
                                Yes, the infant who passed was here in Connecticut too. So scary and sad. They a...
                                        I know it’s kind of a late reply…. but they do not know what the infant died fro...
                                That's exactly what i have said! There is no way that jt spreads how they say it...
                        Wow! That gave me goose bumps! You’ve been through a lot. Take care!...
                Your case seems moderately severe from what I’m reading. I’m happy to hear you’r...
                        It looks like we were both infected at the same time in Sacramento. It must have...
                        My symptoms were similar to yours. I work in Detroit, MI - the highest rate of p...
                                You have some underlying conditions that I don’t but that fatigue, muscle aches,...
                Thank you for posting this to let people know what to look out for. God bless yo...
                Thank you. Good luck and I am so happy that you are doing better. Heal back to n...
                That is a fairly severe case you have had. If you have ended up with pneumonia (...
                        There is a lot of variation in how this illness affects us as individuals. It is...
                                I am glad you will see a doc again soon. I hope you can have it confirmed that y...
                I was the first to get sick. My son got sick two days later and my husband two w...
                        I wonder. There is a “cold” staying with me since 24th of February (first confir...
                                It appears to me that the virus is spreading much more widely than has been susp...
                                        The problem is I am generally feeling alright right now but I experience occasio...
                                                Without diagnostic testing, there is a lot of ambiguity if mild Covid 19 develop...
                                                I thought it was my allergies too and also that the dust in my room was making i...
                        Also sounds absolutely terrifying.. I am getting sorry I read this thread. This ...
                                it was mild for me. some people have no symptoms at all. type 2 diabetics and pr...
                Thank you for taking the time to share your experience. Wishing you a complete r...
                I am positive that me and my husband had it in January. We both had fevers, hack...
                        Same thing here. My symptoms started on exactly Jan 15. My experience was almost...
                                Wow! We had the nasal drainage to but it didn't last long. I had very bad fatigu...
                                        I was sick a week before Christmas for 3 days i had body aches fever cough exhau...
                                                Get your ferretin storage checked.While in Germany it's routine, here in the US...
                                                        My heart beat is 43–47 resting and low blood pressure sometimes 80/65, docs here...
                        I'm in Nebraska and one of my good friends swears he had it in January. If it wa...
                                The virus may have been here as early as Spring 2019 according to Stanford Unive...
                I caught it sometime mid-March and I'm still having some symptoms linger. At the...
                        It is disconcerting that it lingers with us for so long. When it was in my eyes,...
                        Dito here.At first I thought Allergy because of my burning eyes & clear runny n...
                I started out with a headache that lasted 2 days, the a slight fever and slept t...
                        It seems we get sick with it at first and then improve to almost being well…exce...
                My parents both have had it pretty bad and I am staying with them to help.My mo...
                Had it three months ago, not as bad symptoms, but problems walking. A cane seems...
                Thank you for your answer. Please update when you can. We all want to know you’r...
                        Will do....
                Thank you so much for the answer and your updates. It's great information and ed...
                        Thanks. I’ll continue to report as this thing goes on. So much is unknown about ...
                Sounds pretty bad to me.I thought I also had it but not horrible.I had the conge...
                Thank you for your comment. So sorry to hear that you have been so unwell, espec...
                Covid affects the alveoli… and being that you have asthma primary… the 2 combine...
                        I’m waiting for it to become available, and hoping it isn’t in some way flawed....
                Thank you so much for your really detailed post and addenda. I'm wondering how m...
                        I was able to avoid hospitalization. The pneumonia was painful, but it never got...
                                Well done, mate....
                Great post Dan! Did you require hospitalization, or did you remain home? If home...
                        I remained at home. The pneumonia came on very suddenly in the night, but was mo...
                                Thanks Dan. So you were able to care for yourself. I worry about it if I got it....
                                        As long as your oxygen levels stay high enough, you can take care of yourself, b...
                Similarly, I had a brief fever and sweats in late Feb, lasted 2 days, then in mi...
                My son-in-law 46, who has a major health issue just got over a mild case of Covi...
                This makes me think this is what me and my family had back in Jan/Feb/March. We ...
                        Symptom free periods are getting longer now, while the symptoms that do recur ar...
                Thank you for sharing your path through Covid. I’m sure the pollen and trees bud...
                I sincerely hope that you will recover completely.Thank you so much for such a ...
                Thank you for sharing your experience. This virus is so unpredictable! I hope th...
                Thank-You for sharing all that you had and are going through with this horrid vi...
                        Thank you. I just turned 70 right before I got it. I have spent the last 16 year...
                Dear God! There are no words except you are a true hero to share your COVID war ...
                        Thank you. It is a difficult experience, but being caused by a new kind of virus...
                Hi Dan: Although I have not officially been diagnosed with COVID-19, I have been...
                        It appears to me that the virus got you, but now your immunity is taking it down...
                        Thanks Dan! I know what you mean since it has been a bit of a roller coaster rid...
                Glad to hear you are starting to beat this thing.A few days before I really fel...
                        This pandemic is exposing the flaws in our medical system. It is designed to max...
                        I am sorry for what you went through and the prolonged suffering so many peopie ...
                                Thank you for your post! We need more honest posts like this to stand up and fig...
                I truly wish you well....
                        Thank you. I’m working on it, and the social support helps....
                Out of the many covid patients I looked after, each and every symptom and o set ...
                I caught Coronavirus at work because I work inside a Supercenter where they have...
                        Please take care. It can seem rather mild in the first week or two, and then it ...
                Glad you are on the mend! Try avoiding refined sugars (including “diet” colas ) ...
                        Thank you for the kind words. My regimen of dietary supplementation is inclusive...
                I believe I've had it twice already, the first time was back in December and rig...
                My 68 yr old sister and brother in law got it and it got progressively worse til...
                        That IV vitamin C may have been helpful too. I’ve heard about its use bringing s...
                I wish you a speedy recovery. It’s scary.I haven’t experienced Covid-19 and I h...
                        I’m glad she got through the worst part of it. She may yet have symptoms return ...
                I am glad to hear you are starting to feel better, hot baths an herbs like ginge...
                I’m so glad you’re doing better. I am staying in as much as I can. I don’t want ...
                        Do whatever you need to do to avoid it if you can. It is hard to predict what it...
                I had many early symptoms. Doubled up on vitamin C and zinc and took Elderberry ...
        My wife and I contracted COVID-19 in February. You know, when they were saying i...
                One of my friends was nursing at Elmhurst hospital in NYC. She described men in ...
                        When we began piecing everything together the realization that one of us very we...
                                When people tell me masks don’t work, I simply ask them ‘Would you go into surge...
                                        If masks work, why did the virus spread so fast in China?...
                                                Do you mean to say that masks work and that’s why China has been consistently re...
                                                In the beginning, the method of transmission was obviously not understood, as th...
                                                        The control and tracing is so good that most people are not wearing masks in Chi...
                                My girlfriend (currently long distance) is a resident surgeon who has been on th...
                                        Sometimes though it’s just people trying to fool themselves, they will look for ...
                        😢 That’s so sad…things are getting pretty awful up here in Ontario too. It looks...
                Aloha Jen, I went through exactly what you did. I still feel short if breath at ...
                        I’m so sorry that you were so sick and still suffering. I wouldn’t wish it on a ...
                                I have been unable to visit my mother in the Mainland who was recently diagnosed...
                                        I hope this all passes soon so you can be by your mothers side and that precious...
                                                Thank you for your kind words Jen… Soon I hope to visit my mother and hold my ba...
                Thank you for sharing all the details of your story and am sending you good wish...
                        I remember my MIL starting on steroids following breast cancer surgery. When I w...
                Thank you for sharing your story about Covid. After months of stories about this...
                        Thank you....
                We had a 46 year old family member get it from her daughter’s friend. Sick as a ...
                It began with a headache and a very mild sore throat which lasted for a day or t...
                        I’m so sorry to hear you had such a rough go of it. I hope you are in recovery m...
                                Thank you so much. I have to admit, I'm struggling but am grateful that I made i...
                        Bless your heart. Very scary. I hope you fully recover soon....
                Trump says it’s “sniffles” and go to work. He’s insane. I’ve heard stories, like...
                Keep safe, both of you. (((Hugs)))...
                        Thank you. That’s very nice of you....
                I’m sorry to hear you had to suffer from COVID, and that you still have long ter...
                I love commenters saying “That’s not what happened when I relate a personal inci...
                Isn’t it inspiring that Trump says it is no worse than a case of the sniffles? A...
                I'm convinced I got covid back in February from my stepdad, who is a cross-count...
                I’m home with Rona right now, lucikly not as bad as yours.Three days of fewers,...
                Thank you for sharing your experience. I know 4 people in my area who have had C...
                Thank you for sharing your experience. I am so sorry both of you were so ill at ...
                One of the scariest things about this illness is the very wide range of symptoms...
                In late February, I came down with the worst flu I’ve ever had. I went to the do...
                        Yes, beginning of 2020 my granddaughters and I became ill and I just assumed it ...
                My 19 yo son also got it back in February, probably from the restaurant where he...
                Awww so sorry to hear you were left with lung scarring. I hope you’re soon feeli...
                Thank you for sharing your experience. I hope you’re improving and will continue...
                I thought I was going to die. The symptoms were so bad, I wished I would die.Tha...
                        I’m glad you made it...
                So scary!!!...
                I believe you. That’s what people refuse to look at, dying isn’t the only negati...
                I personally knew three people who tested positive for it. One felt like crap fo...
                        I’m sorry for your loss....
                Mine were awful.Could barely get out of bed the first 5 days. Body aches and ev...
                Just lost 2 friends to Covid. One was 58 and in good health, and the other 70 wi...
                        I’m very sorry for your loss....
                I have lost one coworker and three friends to COVID. I’ve had two family members...
                Still suffering from multiple affects since July. Had another Covid test today. ...
                Thank you for your helpful information.i hope you return to normal....
                Jen, you poor thing! It sounds absolutely rotten : (...
                I read your story All of the symptoms you had I had them too but worse.I had viv...
                Good luck in your recovery...
                Thank you for sharing your experience with us. All the best for a speedy full re...
                Best of luck to u. May u feel better soon...
                I have several friends who were very ill in January and February as well. I beli...
                Hope you eventually recover completely. Thanks for sharing....
                Bestwishes for eventual full recovery. Thanks for sharing your story....
                And well said…I totally relate to your description of your nasty scary brush wit...
                I hope things can get back to normal for you and your family and you feel better...
                It is tragic and for sure, no hoax..You are both lucky in the respect that you s...
                I’d never say that you’re misleading people. A few days ago, right before Christ...
                I think that part of the problem is that some people get no symptoms or very mil...
        (Long post) Do read for full detail about COVID-19 experience.A few members fro...
                I'm really sorry for your loss!Covid-19 has already taken many lives till now, ...
                        😣🙏...
                Your story is very similar to my story. It happen exactly two weeks before yours...
                        Oh my god, I'm so sorry. I totally understand how traumatic it can be as I mysel...
                                Thank you...
                I like to mention here that “Remdesivir” is not at all effective“Remdesivir” wa...
                        I know, but we as relatives cannot say no to the doctors when they advise us to ...
                                That is the tragedy of whole health care systemPeople are getting robbedAfter ...
                                        Yes, exactly! We don’t have any choice except obeying whatever the doctors tell ...
                                                We, the like minded people, need come together to promote, develop, operate and ...
                                        Our govt is not concerned about the financial turmoil we are facing as common ci...
                                                Yes! It seems like these hospitals don’t even have any fixed rate for the exact ...
                                                        This problem exist for long timeBecause of Covid-19 it is getting more exposed...
                                                The problem is that, the system (political system + administration system) that ...
                        Remdesivir is a broad spectrum anti-viral drug. It is used in severe cases of co...
                                Please look at the information available in public domain regarding “Hybrid Viru...
                                        Please don't say “COVID 19 is a fraud for power and money” on the post of someon...
                                                I fully agree with what you sayBut the truth is always bitterPlease look at th...
                Do you mind letting us know how much all this treatment cost you?...
                        He was in the intensive care ward for around 11 days on NIV and oxygen support. ...
                                OMG...
                                        ICU for 11 days and still total cost 4.5 lakhs., In some cases it costs almost 1...
                                                Agreed, as I already said in a comment, the hospital doesn’t really have any fix...
                Stay strong and take care!...
                        Thank you! 😌...
                Om Shanti. May his soul rest in peace and I'm really sorry to hear about it. I t...
                        Omg, I am so sorry to hear that. May his soul rest in peace....
                Sorry for Your loss. May their souls rest in peace...
                Very heartbreaking to see people going like this, specially without being around...
                        Thank you! :’)...
                I hope you and all your family members will be fine soon and sorry for your loss...
                So sad for your loss. Very mature answer Sincerly...
                        Thank you sir!...
                Sorry for your loss ! Hope you stay strong....
                Oh man… really sorry for your loss…...
                I feel sad for you brother. Stay strong!...
                Deep condolences to you and your family....
                        Thank you <3...
                So sorry for your loss brotherI know how it hurts you bodyMy uncle also did no...
                Sorry for your loss!...
                I am so sorry for your loss. May his soul rest in peace and remember you are a s...
                rest in peace Daadu...
                Stay strong and take care of your family!...
                I’m so sorry for your loss😔🙏💔...
                R u living in same house with your grand father or your grand father is living i...
                        I know this, but at that time, there was no lockdown in place. And we committed ...
                Im sorry for your loss .Please don't post such documents with pic on social med...
                        I don't think anything is clearly visible. I purposely made it a little blur thi...
                Hey bro does any of ur family members are in between 40 to 60 of age?If so plea...
                        Yeah, so 2 members were between the age group you mentioned.One of them faced f...
                You need to watch out for symptoms even after months of recovery. Watch CNN covi...
                        Woah, that’s scary! We’ll surely watch out! Thank you! <3...
                I’m sorry for your loss. However one other thing that struck me in this is that ...
                        Yeah, we had to stay in the ambulance for over 6 hours before we got a bed.Turn...
                You fought hard to save him, may his soul rest in peace....
                        Thank you! 😌...
                Sorry for your loss. May you get the strength in this tough times.would you min...
                        Even I am not sure about how that happened. The doctors dismissed the case as no...
        I am a 40 year old woman, My symptoms were mild. At first I kept second-guessing...
                My neighbor’s neice in law lost both her parents within a month of each other fr...
                        That’s sad, agreed it is scary to think of a loved one Or self alone in a hospit...
                        sad to hear about this it is a tragedy when people die. We have a tendency to ne...
                “I cut onions without tears” that’s weird because tears are caused by the chemic...
                        I have no explanation, but it’s true. I learned something new today🙂...
                        Actually if you can manage cutting onions without using your nose, just breathin...
                                If you refrigerate onions, they’re less likely to cause you problems....
                Maybe I should write my own answer, but I am glad you didn’t suffer much from it...
                        My wife was also hospitalized, and I believe we had an immunity from our exposur...
                                Going to the hospital regularly and standing in the parking lot for your wife to...
                                My husband was too for 10 days. At least you could see each other even if it was...
                                        praying with you Marilyn it takes awhile for strength to return be patient, heal...
                        I had covid double pneumonia and i. Hosptial for 22 day and admitted second time...
                April, my question is this: It appears that your children contracted it quite ea...
                        only trump and his stooges said kids can’t get it, it has been well known that n...
                                There is no evidence of asymptomatic spread of the virus. Not saying it can’t ha...
                        Kids most definitely contract it and the older ones can spread it just as easily...
                My mother got the Covid Virus from the hospital she had been in for 3 1/2 months...
                        I’m so sorry about your mom. That is so sad, especially for her to catch it when...
                        I am so sorry about your mom. Praying for you....
                Did you get back your sense of smell yet?...
                        Yes, I would say I didn’t lose it until about the fifth day after symptoms and i...
                Glad everyone is doing better!...
                        Thanks!...
                I've known 13 people that have had it. 8 ranging 65 to 8 yrs including 1 diabeti...
                Did your sense of taste and smell return? How long did that take?...
                        I would say I didn’t lose it until about the fifth day after symptoms and it cam...
                Thank GOD all of you are okay....
                        Thanks!...
                That sounds almost identical to what I had in February. I don’t recall if I lost...
                        I hope you are feeling 100% soon. I know if you donate blood to the Red Cross th...
                                Now they’re saying the antibodies are only there for 90 days. But everything kee...
                My friends father had it at the height of the pandemic. There was no room in any...
                        That’s horrible! I am so sorry to hear all of that. I hope he is able to fully r...
                I don’t know any of their symptoms first hand as I didn’t witness them. But in m...
                        I am curious. Did your sister transmit the virus to the baby? Is the baby ok? Th...
                I’m 29 years old with no PMH. My symptoms were sore throat first followed by cou...
                I had it but no real temperature but then I've never had a temp ever. My normal ...
                My brother in law died after really suffering - not being able to breathe. He sp...
                I am a 29 yo female and I caught COVID Nov 2019 when I was doing my clinical rot...
                I just want to point out my own experiences from cd-19, as I just got over it. I...
                It seems to be so different for everyone, except for the loss of smell and taste...
                I will tell you this. Covid wrecked my life without killing anyone I loved. Than...
                I know a 16-year-old girl who had it for a couple of days, never felt really sic...
                99% of people I know that had it described the same 2 days headache fever conges...
                I worked with the virus for a solid three months. My patients didn't appear to h...
                Did you actually get tested though?...
                I got it from my husband who tested positive for work. He literally just had a ‘...
                I tested positive last week. It started out with not being able to breathe very ...
                I am an individual who has common variable immune deficiency, and typically at g...
                My dad (69 yo) got pneumonia. He went to urgent care because it was pretty bad a...
                        So glad your parents are both doing well. I have two people close to me who are ...
                        Covid is a hoax....
                My friends thought they were safe enough to have a family Christmas dinner. Elev...
                The answer to your question depends on your state of overall health and lifestyl...
                I am currently in a rehab or injuries suffered in a car accident. I'm healthy ot...
                A friend died of it - was improving - then gone. Neighbor two doors away was hos...
                My 86 y.o. father has about a dozen serious, but well managed health issues. He ...
                I know two young people who got it. A 20 yr old female, who’s symptoms I’m most ...
                It seems to vary person to person despite age or health issues. Obviously if you...
                At 74 I was in bed for a month, no fever but every other symptom . When starting...
                My dad got covid and he was sick for 2 weeks. Vomiting, diarrhea, couldn’t eat, ...
                        That is so awesome you were able to take care of your Dad like that. He is so lu...
                keep emergency-c in the house, take it at the 1st sign of not feeling good in ho...
                The symptoms were very mild for me and my family. We tested positive for Covid....
                It all started when I was painting the trim in my recently purchased white bunga...
                My son-in-law came down with fever chills high fever and the cough. Lost his sen...
        YES.i know a bit about symptoms of COVID-19 because it was my mom and dad who w...
                Glad they have fully recovered and hope everyone stays safe. Take care....
                        Yes they have rcovered fully. Thank you😇...
                I wish them good health and great to have a son like you...
        I had COVID-19 in March. As a bit of context, I’m early 40s, physically quite fi...
                Thank you for telling of your experience with Covid. I find the thought of getti...
                        Do not take the suggestion of using Ivermectin to treat or prevent COVID, his su...
                                With all due respect, an article on why not to take ivermectin written by the AM...
                                        Exactly! And if Ivermectin is so bad then why the CDC has published guidelines t...
                                Interesting since other countries other then the USA are using it and seeing res...
                        It is better to protect yourself—-masking, staying away from larger crowds…..the...
                So interesting. You could have been 100% describing me. I tested negative months...
                        My daughter too! She never tested positive even during the worst of her symptoms...
                        Interesting I to can relate to these symtoms,as I contracted covid in oct.2020 a...
                I’m 44 and was in Australia caring for my ill dad Dec-April 2021. There was func...
                How bad? Outside of death? because I have two co-workers who lost spouses. That’...
                My daughter, who's 2, didn't even notice she had it most of the time. She'd coug...
                I had it July 16th-August 1st, 2020.I work in healthcare. I most definitely got...
                I had Covid and the symptoms were like a had a bad cold or flu, I was sick for a...
                        I know people who got it twice, with the second bout nearly killing them. One ha...
                        Im right there with you. My entire family has had it. And just like a bad cold. ...
                My 2 year old and I just got over it. You couldn't even tell she was sick beside...
                My family of 10 caught it in early June. Of the 8 kids only 6 were tested and al...
                Thanks for sharing your experience. I haven’t had it, at least not that I know o...
                I've come across people with varying degrees of severity in their symptoms. Some...
                I know personally of at least a dozen or so people that have had it with symptom...
                        I agree. I work for a cardiologist. We had an 87 year old patient with COPD, Con...
                I had it in Jan 2020 here in Los Angeles. Not confirmed at the time because ther...
                Thank you for sharing your story with COVID. My Cousins Son in Law was intubated...
                        However, do not get vaccinated if you had the real covid. The vaccine will attac...
                                My husband and I had COVID the end of Nov. 2020 and finally got back to work Jan...
                                No, the vaccine will NOT attack your antibodies. However, if you’ve had Covid an...
                I work across the US and Europe in Technical sales and have had several clients ...
                        Woah! Oh Eric I am so alarmed to read what you put down, keep seeing the bright ...
                Different people experience differing degrees of illness - as is the case with a...
                I'm 52 no underlying conditions and live in the USA. I'm Arizona to be specific....
                Sounds very similar to Mono. I had a nasty case of mono that lasted a year. Feve...
                I tested positive last December. My symptoms did not come on until 2 days after ...
                        That’s insane. People must contemplate why a government-run hospital would stop ...
                my mother died in January 2020. other than her age she had no underlying medical...
                        and she was just the most lovely lady who survived the blitz in London in 1940. ...
                                They are not dying (from) covid. The problem in the US is that most all hospital...
                                        you might get your wish. you are either intentionally or unintentionally spreadi...
                                                You have bad info. It also looks like you think her death would be warranted. No...
                                                There's Science and then there's $cience. If it's so effective why can the vacci...
                                        Exactly- Hospitals need to recoup the revenue that was expended to update the fa...
                                                oh, a friend of a relative of a doctor. now that’s research! sounds like drumpf’...
                I had it. Flu like but super fatigued with headache, fever, breathing kinda stil...
                        Honestly, you’re fortunate and sharing your story is cool, but giving medical ad...
                                Healthy immunity and using treatments that work isn’t bad advice. We have to tru...
                I'm a Veteran here in the U.S . I visit the veterans hospital quite often. I kno...
                I had covid about 5 weeks ago and was lucky enough to access monoclonal antibodi...
                I had it in February 2020. One minute I was fine, sitting on the back deck watch...
                Thanks for posting - very valuable. I’ve decided not to get the v@x so good to k...
                Anecdotal responses all. Interesting but not a summation of the possible symptom...
                Depends on the person really.I purposely have taken items for the past few year...
                I know of someone (not personally) who also suffers from fatigue since she'd bee...
                Nobody is talking about back pain during covid. That was the first and the worst...
                        Glad you got over Covid. Glad you explained what is like without going on a rant...
                I had it in March of 2020. There were no tests for it back then but based upon t...
                The symptoms seem to linger, go away, come back for me, especially sudden debili...
                        Definitely attempt to communicate it to the boss end human resources, they hopef...
                Honestly, this illness is so all over the place! I was one of those asymptomatic...
                Yes, I had it in 2020, was like having the flu, felt pretty bad for about 2 week...
                There's also another post virus problem. My sister cought the delta variant, onc...
                I started feeling a little bad on Thursday(Feb 11-Day 1), went home a few minute...
                Both my wife and I are in our 60s fully vaccinated. I caught the virus about mid...
                I voluntarily had my blood tested by a lab once a month starting back in Decembe...
        Because my father works as a doctor in the ER, he had to deal with Covid-19 pati...
                I am sad to hear about the death of your father’s colleague. I hope your father ...
                        It has left me with Atrial Fibrillation....
                Thanks for the personal story, there are too many conspiracy theorists who say t...
        I know five people who have had it and one person who currently has it. The rang...
                My arguments for why the restrictions should be strong and why we shouldn't just...
                        We hope it’s only for 1–3 years.Talking to my daughters (one pharmacist dealing...
                                The brain can sometimes recover from tremendous harm. Sometimes. The heart and l...
                                        It simply had not been long enough for us to know.Our bodies cannot heal the br...
                                                I know.That's why I'm worried for those 10%. And for our society....
                “I constantly see discussions focusing on covid deaths, as if that's the only ne...
                        Gosh, this is so awful to hear. We need these stories to be heard. People need t...
                Late last January, I started carrying aspirin in my toothpick case, because my l...
                The US has no health system. All the people who get it and are left unwell and u...
                        This pandemic has exposed all the structural vulnerabilities in societies. Those...
                        That is completely, 100% untrue, Paula....
                                OK. I'm American.What's America's mid- and long-term healthcare system for work...
                                        I notice Paul Matthews is a healthcare advisor, surprise surprise! So no bias th...
                                                Is that the same as a salesman, or as a broker?I don't pay anything but Nationa...
                                                        Probably a sales person selling insurance disguised as helping!...
                Your grandmother sounds a lot like mine.My grandmother was told 3 different tim...
                        Wow, what a lady! I find this stuff so inspiring. It's incredible what some peop...
                                I think its pure tenacity!...
                This may initially seem like a little off topic but from your descriptions of yo...
                        My understanding is that smokers are at an increased risk of being hospitalised ...
                                Very unscientific explanation from me here, but several of my friends have menti...
                                        It actually appears that the most likely reason is that nicotine utilises the AC...
                                                Just for interest, I've found the original article that alerted me to this: Coro...
                                                        If that logic is reversed and there was scientific consensus that smoking reduce...
                                                                I've just looked more closely at the screenshot you posted. What stands out to m...
                                                                And there is, I believe, the crux of the situation.Of course you cannot advise ...
                                        It surely sounds logical! COVID would have a field day with my lungs ….. never s...
                                It does appear that smokers will get worse symptoms IF they catch it, but I'm su...
                        Hmmm, I just had a conversation about this topic with my husband. I don't smoke ...
                I have covid-19 I have covid-19 right now. I became very fatigued and still do n...
                I think I had Covid in April. I only really had fatigue, a temperature for a few...
                Both my kids had covid ages 1 && 4my 4 year old had zero symptomsmy 1 year old...
                        I was around 4 people who had it in March. All at different times and they didn’...
                        Same with my husband’s sister, took care of 4 sick kids and husband, never got s...
        I'm 30, relatively healthy, normal weight, non smoker with no underlying health ...
                The course of COVID-19 is unusual, illness coming in waves, big and little waves...
                        It really is. Thanks, I feel like I'm definitely on the up x...
                I’m so glad you are doing better and I pray you get back to great health very so...
                        Thank you, I'm sitting up in bed today, feel better but need to take it day by d...
                Way to hang tuff! Your little family is a tight unit and glad they're doing well...
                        Thank you 😊...
                Stay strong and think nothing but positive.Be patient and take care of yourself...
                Katie, I’m so sorry for what you are going through. Take care. I will pray for y...
                        Thank you 😊...
                “because I had no fever that it was unlikely to be covid-19.”This kind of thing...
                Thanks for sharing your experience and I hope that this is a cautionary tale to ...
                        I'm not sure, possibly, whilst I don't have symptoms anymorwbI now get out of br...
                Thank you so much for taking time and effort for sharing your experience. You co...
                        Thank you so much. Whilst I had it pretty bad, I know that there are so many peo...
                Did you regain the sense of taste and smell?...
                        Yes! That's something I was really worried about but the loss of taste/smell gra...
                                If u came out of COVID then to regain smell and testfirst need to remove throat...
                Katie, sending you the very best of thoughts and prayers for continued recovery ...
                god bless and take care....
                How kind of you, that you have taken the trouble to describe in detail, for the ...
                Cross your fingers and cross your fingers and hope that you knew covid-19 pet do...
                I’m sure Iv had it,started with body and deep joint aches for 2 days,then came h...
                Happy you are feeling better....
                Get well....
                I hope you get well soon,tc....
                Symptoms appear after 12/14 days , I guess it’s the turn of ur husband and kids,...
                        Luckily my husband and daughter were fine, my husband had a little sore throat a...
                Is your husband and child safe now...
                        Luckily my husband and daughter were fine, my husband had a little sore throat a...
                Take care.. wish you a fast recovery…...
                Wish you a speedy recovery..Do take care.....
                I am in week 3 of trying to recover from this crap. I have an autoimmune disease...
                        Oh no, it's really awful. Hope you get better soon!...
                        I hope that you keep improving at a faster and faster rate, and are back on your...
                I am glad you are doing better. Sadly to say, my Uncle passed away with COVID-19...
                        Oh I'm so sorry to hear this. Sending love to you and all your family through th...
                My 40 yr old sister has been on a ventilator for a week - this is her 3rd week i...
                        I am so sorry to hear what your sister and family are going through and thank yo...
                I’m almost positive I had a few weeks back. Basically, I out of nowhere was drin...
                I haven't had it, but know 2 or 3 people who have personally, and a few more fri...
                for me bad i experienced many of the listed symtoms for corona virus backpain fe...
                I wish you have recovered fully and your family is safe and healthy. Could you p...
                        Thank you :-) I'm now OK apart from the odd bout of fatigue and I now get breath...
                Did it take 4 weeks headache to realize the main problem?...
                        The headache was on and off and didn't get intense until about week 4. My very f...
        My father aged 54 years, was tested positive.On a scale of 1–10, 1 being Asympt...
                Summed up pretty well. Some of my relatives felt the same symptoms. Take care! :...
                Thanks for the informative answer, unlike some ppl who use these questions to pr...
        My wife got Covid-19 some months ago. She was constantly tired, in the first two...
                A group of us in my community were tested for COVID-19 after learning someone cl...
                        Not accurate if it was PCR my wife is a genetic biologist and did a thesis On PC...
                                The rapid test is not very accurate but my workplace provide gold standard PCR t...
                                When the assay target is shit, PCR result will be shit. In the event of doubtful...
                        Well I'm sure that you are truly thankful that none of you showed symptoms or wo...
                In 2020, I caught COVID. So did my family because I had it. I was the only one t...
                        I am hoping people are getting vaccinated! Don’t believe the conspiracy theorist...
                                The vaccine won’t keep you from getting Covid or dying from it. The vaccine is k...
                                        The vaccine adds to your immune system. Why would the vaccine kill the immune sy...
                                        Unfortunately I have had to body bag so many patients that came in saying they t...
                                                Thank you for dispelling this crap....
                I am a Pastor of a medium size church in Canada and since the pandemic broke out...
                Absolutely right Olof Smith. I' ve also lost a friend and an Uncle to covid-19. ...
                I developed COVID 19 in the beginning of July.My symptoms started with a cough,...
                Sleeping gives your immune system a chance to work at it's best. I slept through...
                Both of my sisters got it, had very different symptoms but they STILL have neuro...
                I have had a brother n law die as well as a sister-in-law die from Covid19. Thes...
                exact same as common flu or lighter, i had influenza 30 years ago and was knocke...
                I know covid isnt a joke, I know alot of ppl who have had it and it was almost a...
                        Have you consulted a physician about the risks for you of taking vaccine vs gett...
                                Btw: how do you know he will get covid? He has already been trying to keep his i...
                        I strongly agree with you. I’m up in the air about the vaccine too and I’ve had ...
                                I know the vaccine has different effects on people however I too have extremely ...
                I’ve never had it (and honestly I don’t want it) it angry me people in London ar...
                I got the vaccine but still wound up getting Covid which caused extremely hard c...
                I got Covid last November, I remember having a really bad back ache, it hurt to ...
                Thank you for sharing. Though I don't force my opinion on anyone, My husband and...
                I lost a sister to COVID and one of my brother-in-laws (not same sister) went fr...
                My wife caught it in January, she was unwell for four days and went back to work...
                I was diagnosed with Covid in the beginning of 2021. I had a very severe case an...
                I recently recovered from COVID as well as my husband, and 4 kids. August 9, 202...
                Thank you for this story. Your wife is in my thoughts and prayers.I am 9 months...
                In February my sister was tested and was positive for COVID. Her daughters, one ...
                My husband and I recently recovered from Covid. We are both currently unvaccinat...
                My therapist that I saw for 3 yrs caught Covid & passed away on July 31st. I hav...
                I had COVID in July 2020 and I'm experiencing the same as your wife. I did not h...
                My husband had Covid Christmas Eve. He had a fever, headache, loss taste and sme...
                I had symptoms for almost a month but the COVID tests would come back negative. ...
                Both of my parents and my sister had covid just recently. My parentd are in thei...
                I got covid in December,2020.My first symptom was a very high temperature then f...
                I got Covid November 2020. I thought I had a sinus/head cold infection starting ...
                I caught Covid-19 in March of 2020 and had to be put on a ventilator within in 2...
                I had gotten it sometime in the past if that tells you anything. It's a person t...
                I caught covid. But this is just my experience, it is entirely different or ever...
        My symptoms started near the end of June and are still ongoing. I work as a Fire...
                Best of luck for a full recovery soon.And congratulations on being a caring hus...
                        Thanks Nicola, I appreciate your comment....
                                It needed saying!...
                Best wishes for a complete recovery, and thanks for posting your experience!...
                        Thank you!...
                Thank you for the note. SO glad you are on your way to recovery. God Bless!...
                        Thank you!...
                Hi Kyle, thanks for your testimony and glad to hear that you’re both doing bette...
                        Hi Carrie, there aren’t enough P100s (our best filter masks) available to use th...
                                Thanks for your service and the support you provide to your community. You had a...
                I wish you a quick recovery. I found out a FB acquaintance had COVID 19 and she ...
                So happy you are on the mend! Prayers and good thoughts to you, your wife and th...
                        Thank you!...
                What is the breathing exercises you did? Is it that same exercise five time deep...
                        Pretty much the same. 3 slow, deep breaths as full as I could possibly go. Hold ...
                Glad you are on the mend!...
                        Thanks!...
        I am a Corona Survivor myself. Actually it has been 11 days since my first sympt...
                How did you possibly contract it, if you may know?...
                        To be honest, i seriously cannot trace it back. I went to eat a snack with my 2 ...
                                I see! Who knows, you might jave touched contaminated surface in the ATM...
                                        Risk of contracting the virus by surface contamination is very very low by most ...
                                                So Mumbai folks aren't following safety protocols?Oh god, why is the government...
                                I will tell you what happened. You had a normal cold and cough and these false t...
                                        I will check it out. Thanks for the info....
                                        Lost sense of smell is not a symptom of normal flu. And heavy chest feeling is n...
                Funny that you mention the details but all those have happened to me Many times ...
                        I agree. It is the same as a common flu for young people. But some people are cu...
                The severity of corona is not just on age though....
                So you recovered fully at home without getting hospitalized?...
                        Yes. My symptoms were mild. I am fully recovered now....
                        I actually got covid positive..only symptoms was loss of smell and 50 percent re...
                Thanks for sharing this! May I ask what was your oxygen level throughout?...
                        97% to 98.5%...
                Wishing you a speedy recovery, just curious to know if you took any medicines fo...
                        Medicines were prescribed by the doctor. No such special medicines, normal medic...
                                Just curious. What medicines doctors are prescribing to COVID patients? Also wha...
                                        Flu medications like ibufren for fever and immunity boosters such as vitamin c a...
                Wishing you a speedy recovery and kudos to your battle. My support to you....
                        Thanks a lot....
                Good that you are fine now. Can you share what medicines did you use?...
                When are you gonna be tested again?...
                        I don't think i'll get tested again. I get a phone call from health care asking ...
                Some are saying the test gave a false positive. You can have a anti body test to...
                        Yes. I have done antigen test. The report was positive....
                                Antigen test is to get a result while having a infection.Antibody test is to kn...
                                        Didn't know before. Thanks for the information....
                Thank you for sharing your experience; just curious to know what else u did to b...
                        For my fever, my mom made me homemade 'kadha' 3–4 times a day, 2–3 time ‘haldi m...
                Any chance you know the CT value or viral load...
                        No idea....
                I m stunned to see ppl remembering exact day n time of wat happened wid dem..Se...
                        😂😂Bhai jb cororna hota hai tb sab yaad ata hai....
                Thanks for sharing this. Wishing u good health. Just wanted to know u didn't get...
                        Oh sorry, forgot to mention it. I'll mention it in the edit....
                Wishing you a speedy recovery.. Take care...
                        Thank you....
        EDIT: This was in Seattle, in early February 2020. I work in a hospital and I ta...
                Similar experience for me in mid February. I live in Northern CA. My symptoms we...
                So happy you have recovered. But, you didn't mention the date you had the first ...
                        Hi Julia,I became sick the last week of Jan/first week of Feb....
                                I got sick exactly like this at the same time as you (last week of Jan) after a ...
                        Neither my daughter nor my husband were tested for the Coronavirus…..at that tim...
                                I had similar symptoms end of December going into January and tested negative fo...
                                        I am from the US and in late December and Almost all of January I also had a rat...
                We had a family trip to Seattle in December for the Leavenworth Christmas lights...
                        I live in the Seattle area and I got sick in November. Had a cough pretty bad, e...
                        Because the flu doesn’t cause nausea and vomiting generally. When we say “stomac...
                My friend has been struggling up and down for six months. She got it in December...
                I don’t understand why you were given antibiotics because I thought that they we...
                        After a CT scan confirmed pneumonia that appeared to be coronavirus accompanied ...
                                Yea I don’t have a great reason why I was given Azithro. Basically to cover any ...
                        have heard azithromycin if used with safe (low) dose of hydroxychloroquine is ve...
                Why do people take Tylenol for fever? Fever ramps up immune system to kill the v...
                        Yes. Fever kills the virus. I would use ice packs on my head so my brain didn’t ...
                                I’ve gunned the heat in my waterbed when sick; it often killed a virus overnight...
                I had all of the same symptoms and I was never diagnosed but this was all the wa...
                Oh my goodness. That sounds awful! No one knew much about it when you came down ...
                When was this and where do you live?...
                It’s mad because I’m another one who had these symptoms in late January (Scotlan...
                Hi, My husband had a prolonged cough, sore throat and felt so ill he had to go t...
                I had it in Mid-March. Mild fever, (100.1 was the highest), mild periodic cough,...
                I am so glad you feel better. I had almost the exact symptoms you did. The diffe...
                I know personally, and I know of many many many people from NY who died, and the...
                        Is that what is happening world-wide? This is not a national hoax but a PANDEMIC...
                                They have educated themselves not just accepted what we are told. Look at the wo...
                OMG…. I have been experiencing the exact same thing for about 5 weeks. Negative ...
                Same story you describe pretty much right down to the well managed asthma. I did...
                My brother was throwing up a lot and got chills and fever of 104. He went to ER ...
                Glad you are.better I was poorly in Lanzarote I was fine when we landed day afte...
                Wow, glad you’re okay! That must’ve been such a scary experience....
                So you mean to say that Pneumonia and Covid 19 have same symptoms?...
                        The people that are DYING from covid19 are having acute respiratory failure from...
        Yeah, I had it, my mother had it, and my dad had it. We all had ‘mild’ cases.My...
                I am so glad you and your parents survived this terrible virus, Nathaniel. Thank...
                My friend and her husband have it. He has to file short term disability because ...
                        Yep, that “no energy”… literally the thought of moving was exhausting. The only ...
                                Thank you...
                I’m glad you’re feeling better. What struck me about your response is that at ti...
                        I didn’t go the hospital because I didn’t have serious trouble breathing, and ne...
                                I had such symptoms—and still have fatigue stemming from getting sick in March. ...
                                        I had mild symptoms, except for the fatigue, which I’ve had since March 31. Iron...
                                                That’s just horrible what you have had to go through. We need to be out on the s...
                                Thanks for your response! I can’t begin to imagine …. Although my mind runs craz...
                I know a whole family who had it and it barely rose to the level of a mild cold ...
                Thank you for sharing. Thank GOD all of you are doing fine and getting better....
                Uncle-in-law and his wife. They are dead....
                        I'm sorry for your loss....
                                Thanks. I met them a few times at family affairs, so not a close relationship....
                I am glad you did....
        First of all, I’m 35. I’ve never felt like I was going to die before, but when I...
                The mask you wear is to protect others. Unfortunately this is still not clear to...
                        Sometimes pictures help....
                                I hope that picture is true....
                                        It’s the best we have and it’s working in other parts of the world, except here....
                I’m glad to hear you’ve recovered and commend you for trying to urge others to d...
                        And with that said…… at least trying to get the selfish ones to truly BELIEVE th...
                        Wearing a mask is just good sense— why are people so dumb? It not only protects ...
                I can relate, I try to warn people too. Been doing that for decades. I have not ...
                        Seems to me like the people that aren’t wearing masks are born again. Maybe I sh...
                I feel you, I also thought I was going to die from it. And I am 26 years old and...
                Please I was respitory therapist those junk bucket mask you guys have don’t work...
                Sibling had it — we think. Antibiotics, rest. Cough, fatigue… Rash all over the ...
                Let them get it and die from it. You cant tell people what to do here in the US....
                        There are a lot of caring people in the United States. I'm sorry you've chosen n...
                                Caring is not the priority of the people here, guns and freedoms are. We have th...
        My Husband who works in Municipal Corporation had has large exposure to Covid pa...
                You answer is so so positive and motivating at this crucial time. I do agree to ...
                        Thank you so much ☺️ Praying abundance of good health for you and your family ☘️...
                I personally know people who had similar symptoms. I strongly believe that coron...
                Thank you so much for this positive answer. It has made me very positive and has...
                Thanks Drishti,Your post will help many people to overcome the terror of coronav...
                        Thank you mam☺️...
                Brilliant Analysis and Answer.! Deserves to go Viral.! Thanks for Sharing....
                        Thank you so much☺️...
                Positivity High🙂...
                        😊☘️...
                My whole family is showing these symptoms from last week and i am panicked like ...
                        No need to Panick if fever is persistent do get checked earlier the test better ...
                But I wanna ask you that……on vicks it is written it should not be heated……so is ...
                        Yes you are right Vicks is not to be heated directly or Vicks water also but you...
        I contracted COVID-19 about two months ago, and it was a horrifying experience f...
                I had it in late March. I fortunately was not hospitalized. My oxygen remained i...
                I am glad you are doing better. Be strong, be safe....
                And here in India people taking it very lightly saying it's just a flu. Covidiot...
                        I am so sorry to read that, I’ve seen the numbers and worry for you. I am in the...
                        Same in Bangladesh! India is close to Brazil and USA...
                Thanks for sharingit’s easy to feel like it isn’t happening around me or that i...
                Thank you for sharing your story. Very scary indeed. Glad you have fully recover...
                I’m really glad you’re ok...
                Such a scary experience! I am so glad you are on the other side of this. Prayers...
                Thanks. Very moving. Best wishes....
                Thank you for sharing...
                Thanks for sharing your story. All the best....
                Thanks for your detailed elaboration of your symptoms...
                take care...
                May I ask how you believe you contracted it?I’m just realizing maybe every fami...
                Glad you are okay.Honestly you are luckier than you think.I didnt have it as rou...
                I am glad you are recovering. Just a question are you a Vegetarian?...
                How is your O2 bloood level?...
                        When they checked me in the hospital last week, it was 99%...
                                Happy to hear that!...
                If you don’t mind me asking, do you have any form of underlying illnesses?...
                        So far nothing significant that I am aware of, just mild anxiety, so I got reall...
                How you got that virus?...
                        I have no idea as I’ve been quarantining and wearing mask, so I’m presuming it w...
                                Thank you for reply,so happy you are better now, we now know that wearing masks ...
        I tested positive for COVID-19 on 4/1.Before getting tested I had a sore throat...
                Every single thing you mentioned I had as well. I’m in NY and when my symptoms s...
                        First off, happy belated birthday 😊But yes no doubt you definitely did have it....
                                But if there is no preliminary method for fighting off the coronavirus when one ...
                                Thank you! 😊 and Yes much better, of course we’re just nervous because all my fa...
                My mom caught coronavirus! Ofcourse we did not know at first, well I didn't anyw...
                        Omgosh yes it seemed as she caught one of the worst case!! That definitely must ...
                                No there wasn't enough test on hand, they were saving for nursing homes, and peo...
                        This is the scary part for me. If Mom is intaked into the Hospital and put into ...
                Is your lung function back to normal now? Scary for a healthy person…...
                Pretty much exactly what I had. March 3rd was my date of getting sick. The eye s...
                Did you experiment with your diet and stay active at all?...
                By chance, what is your blood type?I saw an article circulating that A positive...
                        Unfortunately I don’t know it on the top of my head and I have it written down s...
                I. Believe i had it i was sick for 3 weeks started out slight soar throat then a...
                Yes, I had it too, but not that bad. Your body knows how to fight off viruses if...
                These are my exact symptoms so far. Also Im about the same age and currently on ...
                How did you get results the next day? It takes 7–10 days over here in Los Angele...
                        I’m in LA county too. It was the nose swab and it took 24 hours.. however a co w...
                        I live in Florida and the test only takes 1–2Days to get results back....
                How are you feeling now? Stronger I hope. 🙏...
                        Feeling super grateful I was able to recover from this. Definitely stronger too....
                Thank GOD you are okay!...
                        Yes extremely grateful and thankful 🙏🏽...
        Hello everyone!Before I start writing about the Covid 19 symptoms, I must menti...
                Thank you for your story! I am wondering why you remained neg too? Do you have t...
                My husband has type O blood and caught the virus while working in TX at the end ...
                        So sorry you had to experience any of this. May you find peaceful healing going ...
                Thank you for sharing and praying everyone gets well fast....
                Thank you for sharing your story, I wish you all the best 🌷🍀...
        My 62 years old father caught Covid-19 in mid August and those 30-40 days were n...
                Kudos to uncle for being a fighter, and to you for holding everything together i...
                        Thank you so much!...
                I am so glad he is doing well. I lost my father on 20th Aug from Covid in the sa...
                        I am extremely sorry for your loss. May his soul rest in peace....
                        Oh! I am sad to hear this....
                I don't have the guts to read this, Di. You're so brave!...
                        Thank you Neelabh. Stay safe....
                just one thing i want to know had you father did not wear the mask due to which ...
                        Hi, he did wear a mask. He always wore a mask while going out. But I guess the i...
                I had similar experience with both my parents testing covid19 positive. Take car...
                        Take care you too. Stay safe....
                My dad has gone through the same in the July and August, It took atleast three M...
                God bless...
                        Thank you, stay safe!...
                Read in the paper that regularly inhaling salt water steam or steam inhalation w...
                        Thank you! Yes my father also takes steam 3 times a day. It surely gives him a l...
                I am now very scared for my old father, mother...😢.i am really worried for them ...
                        While I understand it is natural to be worried about your parents, you mustn't b...
                He will be better soon !!...
                        Thank you so much!...
                Can you please tell me what are procedures or exercises he is doing now after ge...
                        Hi, intially he was prescribed the following medicines: a blood thinning medicin...
                                Thanks a lot for the information. It's really helpful.While taking the steam ar...
                                        Earlier he added vapor tablets, now only hot water. I would recommend buying an ...
                                                Yes the electric steamer is good. Thank you....
                I could feel the pain you must've gone through during those times.Glad to know ...
        I worked with someone who has.For the interest of privacy I will not be mention...
                Thank you for your perspective, and glad to hear that you dodged that bullet!...
                I so admire your courage and love for what you do to help people. I can’t imagin...
        Well I had what was a mild case but having a mild case is still very painful.Da...
                Did you get tested?...
                        I was not tested as I didn’t meet the criteria for testing in my area but being ...
                                This is the biggest challenge. Lack of enough testing. Need to ramp up testing. ...
                                        I very much agree....
                                        How can you test 370 million people? If you did 500,000 tests a day it would sti...
                                                By everyone I meantAnyone who has had any sorta symptoms since 12/2019Anyone e...
                you probably should have worn a mask and while it’s not virus foolproof maybe it...
                That does not sound mild! Bless your heart! I hope you feel better soon!...
                I had all the same symptoms, but lighter. Fever lasted less than two days but I ...
                        Yes, the pressure behind the eyes was really aggravating. My eyes still sometime...
                And that was a mild case! Sounds miserable. I’m glad you are recovering. I see e...
                        Exactly, Sara. People are experiencing different symptoms. i myself felt unwell ...
                So glad you are recovering! Reading about you describing your sufferings day by ...
                        I really appreciate the well wishes! However, The lack of testing is what’s worr...
                my lungs were not absorbing oxygen. Taken a mouthful of black walnut hull powder...
                Did your mum also get it after being in contact with you?...
                        Thankfully she did not but has continued to isolate herself just in case....
                You had a bad case of the flu but they will call it covid 19 good for u for stic...
                Hi Chris,Sorry to hear of your recent illness and hope you are fully now recove...
                        Hello,While I didn’t meet the criteria for testing, my doctor (Eddie Rosa, MD) ...
                Wow , bless you. That’s some “ mild” case! Glad you are recovering:)...
                        I appreciate the well wishes. I honestly would not wish this on anyone....
        For me, it was two weeks of sheer hell.It began in mid-May two days after I had...
                I hear people saying how bad it is and it is heartbreaking and terrifying, espec...
                        A late night comedian summed it up pretty well. It is a good thing brakes on car...
                        Update: Sadly we attended my sister’s best friend’s funeral last weekend. She wa...
                                I’m sorry for your loss...
                That does sound truly awful.And the kicker? Your case would still be considered...
                I heard a very healthy girl in hers mid 20’s describe it like having the worst h...
                What you just described was my Step Dad with Throat and then fever spikes and lo...
                I’m so glad you’re getting better, this virus is beyond horrendous 😮...
                Did your wife catch the virus?...
                        Sorry this took so long to get to, I blame 2020. And my own derpitude.My wife h...
        Almost everyone in my family caught COVID-19 in late June, including myself. Tho...
                Glad to hear everyone recovered! How is your sister’s baby?...
                        The baby is doing great. They induced her slightly early to prevent issues with ...
                Hi. Sorry if this has been stated already, I didn't see it and am curious: 1) Wh...
                Hello Kyle.Thank you for your description of symptoms concerning each member of...
                        My wife and I both had that strange respiratory issue that you are describing ba...
                                Thank you Kyle, for your reply. May you and your family continue to do and feel ...
        This is going to be a long answer I'll be pleased if you read itYes I would lik...
                Everyone needs to be alert all the time now. Being once covid positive, I know w...
                        Yes mami 😁...
                OVER POWERED ANSWER BRO HOPE YOUR FAMILY IS WELL NOW And FOREVERCan u pls tell ...
                        Unfortunately even I dint do very well in jee brother . But I can tell you this ...
                                Thank u for your suggestions...
                My parents also tested positive and were admitted in covid care centre, St John’...
                        Ohh. I see. Take care , stay strong :)...
                Proud to be ur friend <3 STAY STRONG!...
                        Thanks broda ❤️...
                Very well written Varun & your dad indeed is a superhero & now You, Your Mom & G...
                        Thanks a lot 😊🙏...
                Family is always our biggest strength.God bless you and your family,....
                        Thanks a lot 😊🙏...
                My mom is asthmatic too. Can you pls tell what precautions your mom took and wha...
                        Yeah sure . My mom has mild asthma but it aggrevates during the rainy season. My...
                                Thank you sm for a detailed answer :)...
                How you all isolated yourself?...
                        We have a 3 bhk house so dad mom and I were in 3 different rooms...
        I and family, consisting of my husband and baby caught covid 19. But we weren't ...
                Going to office with high fever. That’s the real fun fact....
                        He didn't know. He was feeling weird in the morning. He goes at 5 am. Reaches by...
                Heres another fun fact. You really ought to let your family know, particularly i...
                        They r staying in a different country n really elderly. I would prefer not to. W...
                How come you not inform your family members? Were you scared of the social stigm...
                        Not exactly.. They r staying in a different country n really elderly. I would pr...
                Not seeking proper medical care, investigations with a baby in the home is not a...
                        Where we stay, there isn't much help tbh. Unless you are in worst case, they don...
                Here’s another one - even after classic Covid symptoms and an almost emergency, ...
                        Same thing. Unless you are about to pass away, they don't take you in....
        First of all, I’m 56. I figure all such symptom reports should preface with one’...
                Thank you for telling us and THANK GOD you are doing better and better and going...
                        I’ve heard that 20% of infected people need hospitalization. On average I suppos...
                And to think we here in America have folks playing roulette in the streets with ...
                So happy you are recovering. Same thing exactly happened to me but it was so ear...
                        I’ve never experienced acid reflux before or during Covid. Two weeks ago the cou...
                Glad you recovered well, and yes, thanks for starting with specifying your age. ...
        I just got my confirmed positive test result back yesterday. (I am 19 years old,...
                I lost my own sense of smell and taste too but its back now.Trust me when i say...
                I don’t personally have it, but I know someone who has it. I can’t imagine what ...
                Very interesting comments Mary. Thanks.I continue to ask people about first-han...
        Yes, My brother in law.He is teacher in college and at workplace only he came i...
                Aah…a game of thrones reference after so long....
                Even I have lost taste&smell and got tested positive.....
                        Get well you soon sir.. 🙏🙏...
        I know 4 people who have gotten it. 2 had fever, cough, run over by a truck feel...
                My mom tested positive for it a couple weeks back. All she had was mild to moder...
                I caught it in hospital when admitted for an angioplasty. I also had pneumonia w...
                Hi Charlie, here I wish to share about this COVID - 19 infections as I was invol...
        I just finished a 2 week bout with COVID-19 and I must tell you it was a horrend...
                So glad you recovered. Your story is a warning to us all. What does it take for ...
                Bradley, feel better. Do you know where you got the virus from? Anything you cou...
                Glad you overcame it and it was only 2 weeks, have known some people to go 4 wee...
                How long did it take your fever to subside? Was it 14 days as well?...
                I too had it early in late march. I knew something was up and my buddy who watch...
                Sounds like you had a very Nasty Experience and you are fortunate you didn't nee...
                This question has been asked oh about a gazillion times….do u even read quora. S...
                        What’s your point? I find all the answers very informative, as I had a very mild...
                                Masks, Hands, Distance. I caught mine when I was In hospital...
                                Its come to the point where all the answers are the same....
        64, male, Texas, high blood pressure (barely), overweightI contracted it the we...
                “red ring in my throat”…? Do you mean “on” your throat?...
                        English must not be your primary language. No, saying “in my throat” has a very ...
                                Sorry, it just sounded odd to me. Don’t think I’ve ever come across that term/ph...
                                Never heard it either....
                I am 54 male. I had the virus in early May. I thought I had a stomach flu….stoma...
                It is such a hard virus. Hits everyone a little different. Some die some live bu...
                Had The Rona twice! Miserable. No energy, headache, lost taste and smell. Troubl...
        “30 days of Corona journey”You heard it correct and let me tell you the story i...
                In our case, our driver tested positive, but thankfully we all tested negative. ...
                        Fear is ok but discrimination doesn't make sense. Whether someone is positive or...
                        Although your neighbours may seem rude, they were infact correct. There have bee...
                Glad to know you sailed through it. If it's not inappropriate may I ask what oth...
                        See, what's different for me is Getting fever without cold. I usually get cold a...
        My 25 year old brother tested positive for covid19 recently. The symptoms in the...
                I Got myself tested for Covid as I was having mild fever with body ache. My resu...
                        Get well soon!...
                        How much did the hospital charged you.i heard they charge a lot....
                                Around 72K. After a lot of arguments and concessions ( As I’m a Doctor too). Sta...
                                        Were you not covered by insurance?...
                                                Yes I am...
                                                        Why then you had to pay 72k?...
                Those who got recovered and had completed 28 days from the day of detecting posi...
                People who tested positive has been asymptomatic and tested negative on 5th day....
                        Tell that to someone who has lost a family member. It’s not ‘just another flu’ g...
                        The virus may have mutated in form or composition from the first version found i...
                Criticality depends on your immune system. If it's strong then only two there da...
                No loss of smell/taste ?...
                        No....
                                3 days back i had occasional high fever on and off for 2 days. Since i had no ot...
                Is he admitted to hospital or He recoved being in home isolation??...
                        Home isolation...
                                Thank god, It gives me more confidence as it's first week for me in home isolati...
                                        Get well soon!...
        16 September : I was taking call in the morning and was fine, just prior to call...
                Please replyI have been taking Azithromycin along with paracetamol tablets for ...
                        Hi Siddharth, I am really sorry I dint pay attention to Quora lately. I hope you...
                                Yes I am alright and i have regain the sence of taste. Its ok....
                Sir both my parents tested positive few days back. My father has a very bad coug...
                        Keep monitoring the oxygen levels, and keep drinking warm water,gargles and stea...
                                Okay!Thank you so much....
                Thanks for the infoas I have tested positive again after 19 days of my test.No...
                        That could be the false positive we get, because of dead virus or inactive virus...
                Thanks for helping others. May you and your wife recover Completely very soon....
                        Thanks for the wishes. We are doing fine....
                WHO in March said test,test,test.Actually it should be Mask,Mask,Mask.Universa...
                        Absolutely, However my family jokingly called me as Covid inspector. Masks, Sani...
        My friend caught it a month ago. Good health, 30′s, he says he lost his sense of...
                My 24yr old nephew showed positive, completely asymptotic. His Mom and her wife ...
                I still have symptoms 5 months on. Life completely changed for me and I have 1/1...
                        That sucks so bad. It’s such a random illness that had so much variation in seve...
                                There has also been a recent study that suggests that exposure to different coro...
                        Hey, what was your run time before you caught it anyway? Like a 5k or 1 mile tim...
                the biggest problem with Covid-19 is the higher possibility of catching Cardio M...
                I have a cousin with diabetes that got it, was very sick. Ended up in the hospit...
        I was confirmed positive for Covid-19 today(Oct. 20, 2020). It started Thursday ...
                I haven’t known anyone personally that has had Covid. I work with a woman who’s ...
                I caught it in May. The symptoms were nothing like the flu. Body aches, severe c...
                You are self-isolating, right?? Because you are max-contagious! You might be luc...
                        Barbara, Pepcid & Zyrtec as daily preventive from getting covid or after testing...
                                Yes. The reason for the 40mg/day Pepcid AC (Fomatidine) and 10mg of Zyrtec (Cert...
                                        Wonder if taking Zyrtec daily will make me a drowsy zombies (from the antihistam...
                                                I haven't noticed any drowsiness with Zyrtec. But then, I'm mostly taking the ph...
                        Can I ask the purpose of the pepcid and zyrtec? Curious...
                                See my explanation above in this thread?...
                I had covid for 6 weeks in March through April. I'm healthy, very active normall...
                I'm 57 years old and in pretty good shape. March 27th I started feeling achy and...
                Me and my partner are in self isolation after testing positive for Covid on Mond...
                My friend got it at Easter. Mid 50’s, male, non smoker no underlying diseases. H...
                I had it in early March. At first it was like a regular cold but it took 2 month...
                My dad suffered from it.I would say don't be careless even if you get cured. Th...
                My sister in law also had those symptoms. Those were all the symptoms she got. C...
        My best friend and his wife caught it. They both said it was like a short cold, ...
        I tested positive for SARS-CoV-2. My symptoms were very mild, but looking backwa...
                Just got over Covid 2 weeks ago! Had upper respiratory, cough with thick mucus, ...
                        I’m glad you are feeling better. Were you scared at some point?....
                                Yes because the cough is like none I ever had! But my oxygen level was good so w...
                Luz, I hope you are feeling better. I am on week 9 and its awful. I have never b...
                        Hi Helen,I hope all is well. You are right, Covid is crazy! It’s been almost 90...
                I hope you are feeling better and yes The symptoms have been different for every...
                Thank you for saying this about these inconsiderate asshat runners who could pot...
                My 89 yr old Mom who is in a nursing home tested positive she had a fever of 100...
                        It’s good to hear that a covid survivor is doing better. Unfortunately that’s no...
        We went on vacation to Florida with another family. While there all four adults ...
                Just wondering, what in the world made y’all think coming to Florida was a good ...
                        That is a really good point Mrs. Lee and I think you are correct. We should have...
                                Plus, it seems that your immunity might not even last. You could, in fact, be in...
                                        So far nobody knows that yet. We do know that after recovering from illness your...
                                                Along with permanent damage that won’t be realized for a decade or so, even in a...
                My perfectly healthy 45 year old husband was infected at work and spent 30 days ...
                Out of all the answers to this question this made me judge you heavily, we read ...
                Thank you for taking the time to write! I hope you and your family and friends a...
                        Thank you Susan for taking the time to read! We are all still doing good. Still ...
                I’m 95% sure I have it and am in the early stages. One week ago, I worked with a...
                        Did you get tested?...
                Thank you for this post. Good luck and get well soon for all of you....
                I’m glad your family escaped with a light brush. Just a couple of incorrect stat...
        6 members of my family tested COVID positive. It all started with my tauji first...
                How to prepare kaadha ?...
        I have been tested covid positive on 31st July 2020.Initial symptoms were:Body...
                Get well soon bro...
                Something like this I had when I was there in Pune but still not sure it was cov...
                Have you gone through any medication? Can yoj share it please. It will be useful...
                Get well soon :)...
                        Recovered now :)...
        Since I have been infected with Covid already and recovered, I qualify to answer...
        Incubation in my case was I suspect 1 week give and take. I was on a first aid c...
                Hope you have recovered now and are safe. Please update your recovery in edits. ...
                Yes it is! Thank you. I hope you feel more ok now. Do you? I hope and wish! M....
                God bless you 🙏...
                At any point we’re you actually tested for COVID-19? I see a lot of people descr...
                        I agree Bret, and I believe that is still a grey area for now and an individual ...
                                If u had covid 19 …it may not last tht long …. People start recovering after 18d...
                                        Not necessarily, it is a fact 70% don't develop any symptoms at all even having ...
                                        I am day 45 Vinay. Average is just average. And what is a recovery? We haven't p...
        Well ! I share my covid experience . Recently My whole family went to my sister ...
                I wish your family the best. But saying “pray for corona warriors” while being i...
                Praying for early recovery for all of you.Take care.Have a great day ahead 😘...
                        Thank you very much brother 😊...
        For me, it basically started on the night of 11th September for me when I starte...
                Did tcs granted you leaves? As i have seen your answers where you mock tcs for t...
                        Nope. :)Worked for two weeks with fever, headache and all the weakness. Also I ...
                Hey take care mannn!!...
                        Thanksz Meenakshi. I've recovered now....
                Did you go to hospital? What was the treatment procedure?...
                        No, I didnt. We were under home isolation and self-medication....
                                Can you explain about self medication, it will be helpful....
                                        You may refer this for the same: Shaunak Bhattachharje's answer to How did you s...
                Hey brother I'm also having similar problem fever lasted for 2 days 101- 102 but...
                How could you go to work when you had the infection. Weren't TCS worried that yo...
                        Everybody in TCS is working from home....
                Please give details how many days your parents had taken to recover and when fev...
        Source attribution: Originally published in Home : qpeace.net: My Battle With C...
                Bless you Dr!! 🙏 Your story touched my heart!! I know of someone who only quaran...
                I am a type 2 diabetic who had open heart surgery to replace my aortic valve due...
                        You need rest. Unfortunately it is looking like Covid causes post-viral syndrome...
                                I’m not sure if I had it but for 2 or 3 days when I tried to go to bed I had a v...
                        I am so sorry you are having to deal with this Kathleen 😔 😢 💔 Please try not to ...
        Was tested +ve around two months back and after going through so many answers I ...
                It's good that you and your family recovered happily from this. And what you sai...
        It started with a fever that lasted for about three days, the temperature was mo...
                Keep rocking...
                In May of 2019 - NOT 2020 - I lost my sense of smell and taste for 11 days combi...
                Glad you are ok, my co worker died a week after being diagnosed. He was 42...
                        This is very sad to hear, do you know if he had any existing health problems?...
                                He had High blood pressure, it's scary cos there are a lot of people walking aro...
                                        True.....
                My dad could not smell for 2 whole weeks, his senses of smell came full on ragin...
                        Interesting, what about taste?...
                Glad you’re ok. Did you take medicine to bring your fever down, and did it work ...
                        Took Panadol (paracetamol) when I felt weak by the fever. And also took a Vitami...
        Mine started on the 4th of March a Wednesday, I had a headache in the evening af...
                Please edit the answer to say how old you are....
                        None of your business. But thanks for asking....
                But, did you receive a positive CoViD-19 test result? You only mentioned a telep...
                        No Robert. did not receive a positive Covid-19 test result. But trust me, when y...
        For reference, I’m in my early 50’s and otherwise healthy. I haven’t been confir...
        Here I'm writing this answer being in quarantine center.So I'll tell you how it...
                I wish you a complete speedy recovery. Any idea how you caught it?...
                        Didn't realize yet and thanks for your concern bro...
                Best wishes to you. Did you get back your sense of taste and smell? If yes, then...
                Do you know how you contracted the virus ?...
                        Couldn't understand yet...
        I got it in early 2020 and I never officially “got better”. My health has always...
        I am in my 50s. Initial symptoms were a headache of moderate severity, and a ver...
        Im in my mid 40s. And I had covid. It was alot like the flu but its definitely d...
        They differ.Each person has their own path to travel.I caught it in March.I w...
                My word, that sounds horrible. I hope you are feeling better soon and come back ...
                        It's unpleasant, but I was lucky.I didn't have to have massively dangerous drug...
                I wish you well in your recovery. It makes me sad to hear you suffered so much w...
                        I was infected in MarchThe initial cert. says 21st.In the last resurgence in m...
        I tested positive for COVID 19 on the first week of June. I came from Dubai on 3...
        Well I can contribute my bit of story here.I had been to post office on 3rd, 5t...
                Hey let me know where I can message you...
                Great that you recovered without any issues. My best wishes for you and family! ...
                        Hi Mahesh,To ans your queries, I use N95 mask 😷.I don't remove my mask when I ...
                                Washed hands with sanitizer? Sanitizer should be used only when there is no way ...
                                Thanks Nithin. Can you please add some lines in your answer on these preventive ...
                Wen u went to the post office, whether ppl around u were wearing masks? Did u ha...
                        A majority did wear mask. Even postoffice ppl didn't entertain people who were n...
        Me a 20 year old some what fit and healthy. It hit me hard for 2 days. Could sle...
        I’m a healthy, fit, normal weighted vaccinated 61 year old woman. Got mild cold ...
                Hello Pamela how are you doing i hope my comment do look like embarrassed to you...
        I have heard many family and friends discuss this and the number splay out simil...
                Do you happen to know if the family that vacationed in Louisiana wore masks and ...
        A good friend of mine has it. She says it’s miserable. She coughed so much she b...
                I hope she’ll be all right....
                        Thank you, Veronica. That was kind of you to say so. I’ll pass on your good wish...
        I am working in State Bank of India. Now Posted at Coimbatore. In the month of J...
                A 30 year old lady tested positive for covid in my neighbourhood. She was admitt...
                        80 percent of people tested positive for COVID-19 have negligible or no symptom ...
        So I can only answer for myself.On March 16, the day California was put under p...
        There are three people with confirmed cases of Covid-19 in my social network. Tw...
                Saw a documentary that says those who got flu vaccines where more prone to catch...
                        Hmmmm this worries me a bit. Not for myself, I don’t get my flu shot because I j...
                        Watch doctor mike on YouTube, he debunked Plandemic. And yes, he is an actual do...
                This is scary and precisely why it’s being downplayed by POTUS. He’s a cheerlead...
        Let me share my story, I have started going out from the day of Ist unlock (11Ma...
                Ivermectin is 100% effective in most of my known cases. It kinds of stop the rna...
                        Although the clinical effectiveness in Invivo is still being assessed and there ...
                                Yes people who took ivermectin shpwed notable decline in symptoms and recovery t...
                Bro, please reveal, how you got infected after taking much care. This will help ...
                        I can tell you only one thing that I got infection from a prone area where every...
        My sister’s friend is currently in the hospital fighting for her life. It began ...
                Thanks for sharing. We pray for your sister to get well. Here in Nairobi, we can...
                        Thank you. We must also stay home and stay inside. Be well...
                        It is a better idea and decision to not move around the place and outside of eac...
        I had symptoms for three miserable days. Wicked cough, chills, 102 fever, body a...
        I’d taken a trip to London and 2 days later, had THE MOST horrendous flu-like sy...
                I had a client of mine who had an employee return from Europe in early Feb. with...
                        It’s great to know that your colleagues lived to tell the tale, Tom. I suspect t...
                Does sound like that’s what you had, but I’m curious about the timeline.You sur...
                        I do worry that I might have been one of the vectors sometimes. This happened in...
                                You shouldn’t worry about that! There’s no way you could have known at the time....
                                        Hahaha.. Is this where the FBI knock on my door and kidnap me in the middle of t...
                        Belgium has confirmed that they already had covid patients in ICU at the end of ...
        I had it in mid-March. I didn’t know for sure that I’d had it until July when th...
                Glad to hear you recovered. That's actually pretty good news that you still have...
        My son (19) came home from work not feeling well in early July. He had a fever o...
                Seriously? This is an honest account of my family’s experience. No one paid me. ...
        I am Covid Positive Currently.See, the Severity of the symptoms depends on each...
                For me, after my gf tested positive. I immediately tested myself and as expected...
                Get well soon!...
        For about a week or so, I suffered from crushing fatigue, which I attributed to ...
                That’s why it is SO important that people post their individual symptoms everywh...
        Both my brother-in-law and my sister tested positive for COVID-19.First my brot...
                “People treat me like a leper. I wear a mask and social distance but everyone ac...
                I donated blood about 10 days ago. The blood bank contacted me yesterday and sai...
                        There's at least 10x the number of people positive for antibodies as there are p...
        I tested positive two days back(On 16th September).I got myself tested after 3–...
                Fotrtify your self with vitamin C 1000 mg and zincalso vitamin Di am not a doc...
                        Yes, I'm taking them and some other medications too.Thanks for your concern!☺️...
        My son was exposed in the restaurant that he is a manager for, down in Ft. Laude...
                Thank goodness he’s alright, Sharon!👍😊...
                        Yes, it was so scary when I heard that he had been exposed! My heart goes out to...
                                No doubt. It’s a crapshoot. No one knows how it will affect them if they get it....
        I know two persons who were COVID-19 positive:My flatmateShe’s 28 years old an...
                A very good friend of mine, “JR,” got the CV-19 about three weeks ago — in fact,...
                        Hi Jose. You should make this an “answer” to the question, not a comment on some...
                My uncle too faced symptoms like your friend, it was mild and he came positive t...
        It depends on person to person. Some people will feel very little at all, mild f...
        My family and I most likely had it in the beginning of March prior to testing. W...
                I was scheduled for a procedure at a local hospital and one of the prerequisites...
                You definitely had it. My symptoms were very similar to yours. Sore throat, excr...
        A friend of mine, 30, very fit, strong, healthy caught it early on - most likely...
                My perfectly healthy 45 year old husband who is a former college athlete and sti...
        I had diarrhea and a fever and I lost my sense of taste and smell. I still can’t...
        I had it bad for 7 weeks - I’m very fit and able, early 30s and I walk miles dai...
        SeveralObviously, some people were asymptomatic so we do not know.Some had “a ...
                Very very sad....
        Yes me and my family was one of them who got the viruses.I was so afraid from t...
        I was diagnosed positive, I had two days that were a nightmare (I’m 68). I woke ...
        Do you ever watch Chris Cuomo on CNN at 9pm most evenings? He is a respected jou...
                I recently acquired Covid. While symptoms are not bad I was told not to be foole...
        It varies on the person. It wasn’t too bad for me. I lost my taste and smell for...
        Depends on the person. My wife and I had it, as did three of our kids. We mostly...
                Five people that I know of, and the symptoms were as bad as or worse than you de...
        To anyone who has caught COVID-19,or knows someone who has?My mama ji and my co...
        I was tested positive two days ago. At the start of the month, I observed a shor...
        To be honest, it all varies, depending on certain risk factors, as well as how y...
                i need a link for those diabetes covid diabetes rates. don’t believe that at all...
                        since my last post, apparently a research project indicates diabetics are 4 time...
                                that is type 2. not type 1. type 2 i consider the kind people give themselves. o...
                                        That statement is so far from accurate its not even funny. My cousin who died of...
                                        And no she wasnt fat either. She was 5′5 and about 110lbs and I'm 5′8 and 140lbs...
        I am 45 years old, 305 pounds, BMI of around 48, pre-diabetic (no meds), medicat...
                I am a nurse and this the most impressive list of homeopathic medicine treatment...
        It was bad, and it's still ongoing. I've posted here about taking the test. What...
                RA? I’m so sorry. I also have RA, treated with HCQ, and I haven’t had a problem ...
                        The doctors think it's RA but I can't get enough tests yet. My preliminary diagn...
                                Oh, don’t google. Just don’t. It’s awful and most of it isn’t really relevant. I...
                                        oh I can’t tell you how much better I feel. Thank you so much. I remember 20, 30...
                                                Same - my only experience with RA was hearing my mentor in grad school talk abou...
        A question like this has almost no meaningful answer.I know a 35 year old healt...
                Best answer so far. I had it, and had almost no symptoms apart from being unusua...
        Beating it 2nd time at the moment;I work in what many would call one of the suc...
        What I will describe are the symptoms of a breakthrough case of Covid-19, in oth...
        My sister, her husband and her 1 year old daughter had it.My brother-in-law had...
        Thanks for the A2A.I assume this is more of a poll, than an actual question; de...
        Personally I felt under the weather for about a week, then got a cough, complete...
                Thanks for your story....
        I tested positive this past week. I started to sneeze a bit earlier in the week,...
        I know 4 people, who have had confirmed tested cases.Age 24. Nurse for the NHS....
                God bless them. Thank you for sharing this with us....
        My friend’s mom had COVID. She is a cancer patient (late stage), in her 60s, and...
        very scary at first, because of the hype.first kind of diarrhea, but not a bad ...
                You’ve recovered quickly - which is wonderful!But the ‘hype’ was you are talkin...
                        I wish you the best. When the pandemic began I decided to triple my intake of vi...
                You had a mild case, thank goodness....
                        Thank you, i am grateful for that, i was expecting far worse. When the pandemic ...
        My 15-year old friend had it. (her family did too, but I don’t know about them.)...
                These accounts are what terrifies me. So she is 15, and a dancer in good health....
                        I would guess you live in America or England. The case of Covid is worse there, ...
                                Yes, I do live in America. It is my belief that covid is worse here in part beca...
                                        I can’t even imagine what horror you must be going through at the moment. I wish...
        Some of my family members contracted COVID19. I have never seen my father look s...
        Well those were the most dreaded days for me and my family.Elder brother of my ...
                Bro if all were infected so that means a were isolated in the same house.?...
                        Yes each and everbody got infected one by one And two separate rooms were there ...
        I’m recalling today that our house helper probably got the virus in December las...
        I know only one person who caught it. She was 25 and had a brain tumor but was w...
                My 27 year old daughter is an ICU nurse that has to do rotations in the ICU Covi...
        Our next door neighbor caught it and all of her family members (one of whom need...
        I know several people who have had it. My aunt is 81 and her symptoms have been ...
        Disabling with no cure when caused by other viruses.Chronic Fatigue Syndromein...
        I’m caring for several patients in the home health setting who were hospitalized...
        Well, a friend of mine's mother got it. I would send this to her and have her an...
                Very sorry about your loss...
        There are lots of people on here being very dramatic. I know people have varied ...
                I am also quarantined for testing positive and I feel the same. I was actively f...
        Edited again as I see others have listed for help: I turned 43 during it, slight...
                Really interested in what an pneumonia type cough is like. Are you able to descr...
                        *For me* it’s feels in the lungs as heavier than a normal cough from something e...
                                Thank you so much for such a detailed answer. I'm glad to hear you recovered fro...
                                        Welcome and thanks, too!...
        Haven’t had the virus… yet the health experts are saying of the 70% or so of the...
        I know 4 people.One, male, 64 years old, died.One, 26, 2 weeks in hospital, ju...
        22-year-old male college student tested positive for coronavirusFrom what I’ve ...
                Also affected my family. My mom and I were sick for a few days and fine (we neve...
                        I’m so sorry to hear that, Justin. I’m so glad you all have recovered. Thankful ...
        My neighbors, husband and wife, caught COVID golfing. They were on respirators t...
        I know of four confirmed and several suspected.Female in her thirties, dry coug...
                For me it started on April 27th. I went to bed that night and in the middle of t...
        I am 51 as are most of my ex school friends. One of them (our year group had 120...
                You are correct that the disease is random and arbitrary. But obesity seems to b...
                        Yup. Callum (my friend) wasn’t obese. I am certainly overweight!!...
                                People are making a mistake trying to figure the disease out. Good drivers are k...
                        I suspect genetics plays a role. Some people have more ACE2 receptor sites for t...
                                Anyone can be low in Vitamin D. My husband spends a lot of time outdoors and he ...
        My cousin, who is in her thirties, tested positive. She had fever, chills, cough...
        I got it in March, I’m in my thirties have a pretty serious underlying health co...
        From my personal observations, I’ve had several family members and friends that ...
        I’m gonna throw out some numbers first. Around 40% of the people who contract Co...
                How do we know that 40% of people that have it have no symptoms of they aren't g...
                        I was looking at the S. Korean and Icelandic models, where every or nearly every...
                        Not everywhere has sucked at testing as much as other parts. And as for the ques...
                                Very interesting link. Thank you...
        I'm 53, reasonably fit. I was sick with the covid two days. Quite minor. Some gu...
                This is a coronavirus. Like some common colds, or the flu. That said…there is no...
                        I seriously don’t know where you people get your answers from. I am a confirmed ...
                                I get my information from the scientific articles that I read, Justin. We are st...
                                        I love how you’re telling me how bad this virus is. Did you miss the part where ...
                                        I expect there will be a vaccine, but likely the immunity conferred will be of s...
                                                I agree with you, Miss Janet!...
                                                Isn’t the need for a yearly flu vaccine due to the fact that the flu is constant...
                        If this is the case, then why are we even hoping for a Covid vaccine?...
                                That’s part of the fallacy. We can get an inoculation. That is hope. I just thin...
                There is no evidence of long term immunity at this time, and antibodies have bee...
                I hope you self qurantined for two weeks after your last symptoms. More likely I...
                        I was tested AND mandatory quarantined because of my location. I was retested un...
                                And thats what I expected you to say based on your story.No one but the most ex...
                                        Wow. Ok, umm, whatever. I guess enjoy life....
                        I don’t know why you’d assume he wasn’t tested. And the “sick for two days” refe...
                                I didnt. I said if he didn't get tested then he doesn't really know and if he di...
                                        I did read your comment. As I understand it, you’re saying that if he didn’t get...
                                Even with no symptoms, COVID-19 can damage the heart and other areas. I'd prefer...
                Read about how it effects your heart. Very bad news....
                        At the moment, I’m more concerned about the flouride in my tap water…...
        I know multiple people who have and it's bad. You actually start losing lung cap...
        For my uncle who was infected, everything came on very fast. Here is how it went...
        The first and longest symptom I had was hives. Two days upon coming back from a ...
                Scary. Glad you’re doing better...
                        Thanks!...
        My boss and his whole family tested positive. He and all his children never had ...
        It started with fever, chills and an itchy throat. For the first week, a lot of ...
                Thank God you both are doing better. Heal fast!...
                        Thank you!...
        As a Covid positive case myself, I will try to answer it to the best of my knowl...
        Hi there, this Aniruddha from Pune (MH-12).Just thought I could share my experi...
                Thanks for your answer and awareness you are spreading.I tested Covid positive ...
        My entire family had covid this past two weeks. Nobody except for my mother show...
        As we all know by now, COVID 19 infection can range from a mild flu like illness...
                time to do some in depth research as to whether the tests are actually accurate....
                        The RT-PCR test is pretty accurate actually…. But then the COVID Antigen test is...
                                Thanks. Can you source that, please? What’s the difference? Price? ;-)...
                                        All these tests have different Sensitivity and Specificity. The Rapid Antigen te...
                                                wow thanks 🙏 here the RT-PCR costs around US$ 125...
                Do update after your recovery. Get well soon 🌼...
                        Thanks. I'm doing well now....
        It depends on the person, truly.I caught it in mid March. I went to give blood ...
        I used to work for a multinational insurance company, managing “special projects...
        Severe.I had it back in February (I live in Santa Clara Co, CA, one of the init...
        This is my experience, I'm sharing it to make people understand what can cause t...
        (From Australia) While it started for me with the usual (fever, sore throat, hea...
                The symptoms vary from not noticeable, to damage to every organ in your body, to...
        An In-law has got the thing and infected his partner.He experienced fevers abov...
        My brother caught Covid about a week and a half ago, only about a day into camp....
        I had quite mild symptoms. It started with fever and a little bit of a dry cough...
        I tested positive last Wednesday, and I’ll just say it was not anywhere near as ...
        3 person I know got Covid-19my long time best friends who are a gay couple, one...
        I was suppose to have an out patient procedure had to have a Covid-19 test done ...
        I was out with friends 2 weeks ago. One of my mates girlfriends way back from ho...
                “If you really believe a virus that can have no symptoms for the majority is dan...
                        With all due respect - the students at any grade level - unless they live with e...
                                It’s this I’ll be alright Jack mentality that has landed us in the sh!t....
        My mother is in a nursing home. A few residents there had gotten it early on (bu...
        They can threaten your life. You can die. It may affect many organs. Heart. Lung...
        It turned up in April for me. I had a case of the flu in college that felt worse...
                You got dressed in the morning? When I had it, I think I stayed in pj’s the bett...
                        I can’t do that. I have to get dressed....
                Dr. Barzin explains that muscle pain that results from a viral infection is caus...
                        Oh yeah, it hurts like a cussword....
        My little brother had it and so everybody in our multi-family house got tested t...
        I tested positive back in May. My ex wife and son got it as well. I would have n...
                Your experience is the experience of 80% of population regardless of working out...
                        That’s extremely promising to hear. Some of these answers are terrifying....
                                Yes because people WHO get sick can get extremely sick :(I am not a doctor but ...
        My friend caught it. We are hiking buddies. She’s fit. Exercises regularly and h...
        It depends…..I had it but I didn't need hospitalization. I felt awful and surrea...
        My sister caught Coronavirus. She is a very fit 46 year old. First symptoms were...
                I have it now, at first no cough no temp. I had muscle aches in every inch of my...
                Sounds exactly like my experience with it...
        I was confirmed to have it once, and I am pretty sure I had it another time. Str...
        For myself it was just like the flu only the cough was quite bad. It started wit...
        I know a couple who had pretty mild symptoms and a woman who is still battling i...
        I know two. My cousin's husband died from it after 11 days on a vent. He was ove...
        I did last month. The symptoms were mild and as follow: initial muscle ache and ...
        For me, it was 2 weeks of fever with a sore throat and dry cough. Of course with...
        There is one symptom which trumps all the other flu-like symptoms. Decreased lun...
        It really depends on age, health, immune system and luck. I know people who were...
        The symptoms can vary from asymptotic to severe respiratory failure. Some people...
                My wife had a very rough two weeks, went through a months worth of her inhaler i...
        Every answer I have read here are showing covid is dangerous or to be taken seri...
        There is no one answer. My sister in law had it and experienced no symptoms. Bot...
        Personally I was asymptomatic, I never would've known I had it if I hadn't teste...
        To anyone who has caught COVID-19, or knows someone who has, how bad are the sym...
        Hello, I have mild symptoms of cough and feverJuly 10th- coughJuly 13th - Mild...
        I’ve got it right now for the second time also had it last April, first time it ...
        I’ve known four peopleFirst was a 20 year old male - felt sore and out of sorts...
        I had a dream to see a patient of international acclaimed deadly illness. As far...
        I know several that had Covid. Cases varied from very mild to death....
                I've had it like the 100s millions of othiers .and it was the flu I lost my sens...
        Location: South FloridaJune 20 felt achy but fine - by 2 am that morning I had ...
        I am answering anonymously in order to protect the identity of the individuals....
        Me and my family members had COVID when not many people knew about it. It was Ja...
        It depends on every case. In 85 % the symptoms are lihgts. But in some cases 5% ...
        This is my experience of COVID 19 in my life.As my profile shows I work in IT o...
        I work in LTC, so we are all are tested weekly for COVID. Quite a large number o...
        I knew few of my relatives who were covid infected and the symptoms mainly depen...
        My husband has had 5 people in his work test positive. All were pretty mild, 2 o...
        My wife and I had it. It was similar to a bad flu. My elderly mother was positiv...
                What was the reason for the induced coma? Sorry if this is something I should un...
        Every person has different symptoms. I started with congestion in my upper chest...
                Hello how are you doing and how is the weather over there with you? kindly follo...
        Fortunately, I have not contracted an infection from the COVID 19 and am gratefu...
        I have seen both extremes my eight-year-old niece has very bad allergies and ast...
                That is interesting that the immune-suppressed person just had a mild cold from ...
                        They are 50 just like me and we both had liver transplants you know even though ...
        A2ATo anyone that has caught COVID-19, or knows someone who has, how bad are th...
        I have a few patients and contacts who have tested positive. None of them requir...
        i am retired, but i care for animals and walk dogs for people. one of my regular...
        This covid-19 is extremely unpredictable some people run a high fever some do no...
        My sister & her family all got it after her granddaughter came home from college...
        They range from being asymptomatic which is you have it , can spread it but don'...
        I have seen in my ER ,more than 120 people put on stretchers in an area made for...
        I had it in April. I thought I just had a backpain and not covid-19. I had 4 day...
        I know around 20 people who had the SARSCOV2 virus (COVID-19), all of them teste...
        I gott off easy, it seems. I tested positive for antibodies in June. Prior to te...
        Thanks for the A2A. If you ask me, they weren’t all that bad, but the aftermath ...
        It depends on the person.I know people who didn't knew they had till they got t...
        I still dont know anyone who has had this virus,but I think there is a broad spe...
        I probably had it back in early spring, but without an antibody test I’ll never ...
        Unfortunately I was infected with COVID.I was working in Saudi Arabia at that t...
        I had a mild case. I had chills, up and down temperature, body aches, diarrhea. ...
        My wife’s cousin got it. He felt very2 tired, fever then cough.He was hospitali...
        I know a handful of people who got sick with Covid. Majority of them say they st...
        Save me-….really, really, bad.trust me. As a doctor, it is really hard to mak...
                Pls upvote me. I’m lonely-...
        My mother was just released from the hospital today. She is 70 years old with di...
        My neighbor tested positive 20 days back . He was fully asymptomatic and literal...
        It's really different from one person to another..my uncle had it first and it w...
        The symptoms vary by person. You can be positive and have no symptoms at all. So...
        A friend died of a heart attack caused by covid (mid-40s, no previous heart issu...
        We had it back in April; the college my wife works at had some students return f...
        As a family we all had it.We think it was late-February that is when my daughte...
        I’ll tell you what my family has seen.I’ve had two aunts die from Covid-19. The...
        The way I found out I got it, was two weeks later when my boyfriend, who lives i...
        I do not know anyone. But a mayor in Germany did get Covid “on purpose”, to be w...
        I got it from my brother who diagnosed before me so I was lucky to get medicatio...
        I knowsomeone who died horriblysomeone who felt ill for a few dayssomeone who...
        My adult daughter (24) had a sinus infection. The doctor randomly tested her. Ot...
        A friend of mine was taken off his ventilator about 20 days ago after being on i...
        I know people who have recovered from covid-19 personally. The symptoms include ...
                The reason I want firsthand accounts is that media, including scientific journal...
        The symptoms vary from person to person. It has a lot to do with the strength of...
        I had what I believe, very mild symptoms. On 2nd May I woke up with sore throat ...
                You got tested?...
                        No , but Since I returned from Canada I was advised self quarantine for 14days...
                                Okay : Good to hear you recovered well though I would still like to believe you ...
        My mother 85, with COPD and other underlying vulnerabilities was found to be inf...
                I am sorry that you have gone through this….I wish I had an answer. Covid-19 sur...
        It varies by person. Some people are hospitalized and put on ventilators. Some l...
        I haven't had Covid-19.Your question has a huge gapping hole in it. It's called...
                The thing is…it's happening right now. People are answering before they might di...
                        The 5% (20% of positive tests) that get put on ventilators can't answer, they ar...
        It is quite variable. That is one of the problems with COVID-19. A large percent...
        Many people, as many as 30–50% have NO symptoms. That’s right, on the aircraft c...
        I have a friend who is a Doctor in Florida with his own clinic and a nurse who i...
